pages/members/websockets.mdx, before:

import { Callout } from 'nextra/components' 

# WebSockets 

<Callout type="warning" emoji="⚠️">
WebSockets is a feature reserved for members. If you are a founder, you have access to this feature until the game launches.
</Callout>
  
WebSockets allow you to receive real-time notifications from the server.

**Notifications supported:**
|Name|Subscription code|Category|Type|Descripiton
|--|--|--|--|--|
| Event spawn|event_spawn | Events|Server|Send `ActiveEventSchema` when an event spawn. |
| Event removed|event_removed| Events |Server| Send `ActiveEventSchema` when an event expires and is removed. |
| Grand Exchange new sell order | grandexchange_sell_order | Grand Exchange | Server | Send `GEOrderSchema` when a sell order is created on the Grand Exchange |
| Grand Exchange new buy order | grandexchange_buy_order | Grand Exchange | Server | Send `GEOrderSchema` when a buy order is created on the Grand Exchange |
| Grand Exchange buy | grandexchange_buy | Grand Exchange | Server | Send `GeOrderHistorySchema` when a buy is completed (buyer purchases from a sell order) |
| Grand Exchange sell | grandexchange_sell | Grand Exchange | Server | Send `GeOrderHistorySchema` when a sale is completed (seller fills a buy order) |
| Pending Item Received | pending_item_received | Pending Items | Server | Send `PendingItemSchema` when an item is sent to the player's pending items (from achievements, Grand Exchange purchases, etc.) |
| Online characters |online_characters | Characters|Server| Send `array[ActiveCharacterSchema]` every 10 minutes with the list of online characters. |
| Announcement |announcement | Announcements|Server| Sends `{"message": "string"}` when a new announcement is published. |
| Achievement unlock |achievement_unlocked | Achievements|Account| Send `AchievementSchema` when an achievement is unlocked on your account. |
| Account log |account_log | Logs|Account| Send `LogSchema` every time an action is performed on one of the characters in your account. |
| Test |test | Test|Test| Send Test message every 60 seconds. |


## How does it work?

The WebSocket server is: `wss://realtime.artifactsmmo.com`

Next, you need to include your token and the types of notifications you want to receive in the first message you send to the server.

```python
message = {
        "token": token,
        "subscriptions": ["event_spawn", "event_removed", "grandexchange_neworder", "grandexchange_sell", "achievement_unlocked", "test"]
    }    
```

If you want to receive all notifications, you don't need to include subscriptions.


### Examples

```python filename="Python" copy
import asyncio
import websockets
import json

url = "wss://realtime.artifactsmmo.com"
token ="YOUR_TOKEN" # Replace with your  token

message = {
        "token": token,
        "subscriptions": ["event_spawn", "event_removed", "grandexchange_neworder", "grandexchange_sell", "achievement_unlocked", "test"]
    }    

async def receive_messages():

    async with websockets.connect(url) as websocket:
        await websocket.send(json.dumps(message))
        
        print("Connected to the WebSocket server")
        try:
            while True:
               # Waits for a message from the server
                message_received = await websocket.recv()
                message_received = json.loads(message_received)

                print(f"Message received: {message_received}")
        except websockets.ConnectionClosed:
            print("Connection closed by the server")



# Start the WebSocket client
asyncio.run(receive_messages())
```

```js filename="Javascript" copy
const WebSocket = require('ws');

const url = "wss://realtime.artifactsmmo.com";
const token = "YOUR_TOKEN"; // Replace with your token

const message = {
    token: token,
    subscriptions: ["event_new", "grandexchange_sell", "my_grandexchange_sell", "grandexchange_neworder"]
};

async function receiveMessages() {
    const websocket = new WebSocket(url);

    websocket.on('open', () => {
        websocket.send(JSON.stringify(message));
        console.log("Connected to the WebSocket server");
    });

    websocket.on('message', (data) => {
        const messageReceived = JSON.parse(data);
        console.log("Message received:", messageReceived);
    });

    websocket.on('close', () => {
        console.log("Connection closed by the server");
    });

    websocket.on('error', (error) => {
        console.error("WebSocket error:", error);
    });
}

// Start the WebSocket client
receiveMessages();
```

```java filename="Java" copy
<dependency>
    <groupId>org.java-websocket</groupId>
    <artifactId>Java-WebSocket</artifactId>
    <version>1.5.7</version>
</dependency>

public class WebSocketHandler extends WebSocketClient {

    public WebSocketHandler(URI serverUri) {
        super(serverUri);
    }

    @Override
    public void onOpen(ServerHandshake handshakedata) {
        String message = """
        {"token": "%s",
        "subscriptions": ["event_spawn", "event_removed,"grandexchange_sell", "grandexchange_neworder", "achievement_unlocked"]};
        """.formatted(TOKEN);
        send(message);
        System.out.println("Connected to WebSocket server");
    }

    @Override
    public void onMessage(String message) {
        System.out.println("Received message: " + message);
    }

    @Override
    public void onClose(int code, String reason, boolean remote) {
        System.out.println("Disconnected from WebSocket server: " + reason);
    }

    @Override
    public void onError(Exception ex) {
        System.err.println("WebSocket error: " + ex.getMessage());
    }

    public static void main(String[] args){
        try {
            WebSocketHandler client = new WebSocketHandler(new URI("wss://realtime.artifactsmmo.com"));
            client.connectBlocking();
        } catch (URISyntaxException | InterruptedException e) {
            e.printStackTrace();
        }
    }
}
```

## Server responses

Server messages always include notification type and data. Data is always the same schema returned by the API if possible.

Here's an example of a server message:
```python
{
  'type': 'grandexchange_neworder', 
  'data': {"id":"67337920ef441b2c7466d5e8","seller":"muigetsu","code":"copper_ore","quantity":1,"price":1,"created_at":"2024-11-12T15:49:52.343Z"}
}
```

Commit message:

Convert Founder program to Season Pass
Replace the Founder/gems subscription model with a Season Pass system and update related docs. Key changes:

- pages/funding.mdx: update Founder program copy (end date), rename subscriptions to season passes, adjust pricing, convert gems → season passes table, update included perks and links (sandbox/test server, fight simulator, event tokens).
- pages/members/_meta.json: remove webhooks entry.
- pages/members/webhooks.mdx: remove deprecated webhooks page.
- pages/members/websockets.mdx: clarify online_characters is sent on connect and every 10 minutes; add a new version notification sent on connect and after updates.
- pages/quickstart/hp_recovery.mdx: correct rest cooldown wording to “1 second per 1% of HP recovered.”
- pages/resources/updates.mdx: add patch notes for 7.0.2 (fixes for give items/gold logs, task log format, added rate-limit headers, fight simulator OpenAPI errors, websockets version notification) and 7.0.1 static data pagination change.

Also minor copy and formatting tweaks across affected pages.

pages/members/websockets.mdx, after:

import { Callout } from 'nextra/components' 

# WebSockets 

<Callout type="warning" emoji="⚠️">
WebSockets is a feature reserved for members. If you are a founder, you have access to this feature until the game launches.
</Callout>
  
WebSockets allow you to receive real-time notifications from the server.

**Notifications supported:**
|Name|Subscription code|Category|Type|Descripiton
|--|--|--|--|--|
| Event spawn|event_spawn | Events|Server|Send `ActiveEventSchema` when an event spawn. |
| Event removed|event_removed| Events |Server| Send `ActiveEventSchema` when an event expires and is removed. |
| Grand Exchange new sell order | grandexchange_sell_order | Grand Exchange | Server | Send `GEOrderSchema` when a sell order is created on the Grand Exchange |
| Grand Exchange new buy order | grandexchange_buy_order | Grand Exchange | Server | Send `GEOrderSchema` when a buy order is created on the Grand Exchange |
| Grand Exchange buy | grandexchange_buy | Grand Exchange | Server | Send `GeOrderHistorySchema` when a buy is completed (buyer purchases from a sell order) |
| Grand Exchange sell | grandexchange_sell | Grand Exchange | Server | Send `GeOrderHistorySchema` when a sale is completed (seller fills a buy order) |
| Pending Item Received | pending_item_received | Pending Items | Server | Send `PendingItemSchema` when an item is sent to the player's pending items (from achievements, Grand Exchange purchases, etc.) |
| Online characters |online_characters | Characters|Server| Send `array[ActiveCharacterSchema]` at the connection and every 10 minutes with the list of online characters. |
| Version |version | Server|Server| Send the API server version at the connection and at every update. |
| Announcement |announcement | Announcements|Server| Sends `{"message": "string"}` when a new announcement is published. |
| Achievement unlock |achievement_unlocked | Achievements|Account| Send `AchievementSchema` when an achievement is unlocked on your account. |
| Account log |account_log | Logs|Account| Send `LogSchema` every time an action is performed on one of the characters in your account. |
| Test |test | Test|Test| Send Test message every 60 seconds. |


## How does it work?

The WebSocket server is: `wss://realtime.artifactsmmo.com`

Next, you need to include your token and the types of notifications you want to receive in the first message you send to the server.

```python
message = {
        "token": token,
        "subscriptions": ["event_spawn", "event_removed", "grandexchange_neworder", "grandexchange_sell", "achievement_unlocked", "test"]
    }    
```

If you want to receive all notifications, you don't need to include subscriptions.


### Examples

```python filename="Python" copy
import asyncio
import websockets
import json

url = "wss://realtime.artifactsmmo.com"
token ="YOUR_TOKEN" # Replace with your  token

message = {
        "token": token,
        "subscriptions": ["event_spawn", "event_removed", "grandexchange_neworder", "grandexchange_sell", "achievement_unlocked", "test"]
    }    

async def receive_messages():

    async with websockets.connect(url) as websocket:
        await websocket.send(json.dumps(message))
        
        print("Connected to the WebSocket server")
        try:
            while True:
               # Waits for a message from the server
                message_received = await websocket.recv()
                message_received = json.loads(message_received)

                print(f"Message received: {message_received}")
        except websockets.ConnectionClosed:
            print("Connection closed by the server")



# Start the WebSocket client
asyncio.run(receive_messages())
```

```js filename="Javascript" copy
const WebSocket = require('ws');

const url = "wss://realtime.artifactsmmo.com";
const token = "YOUR_TOKEN"; // Replace with your token

const message = {
    token: token,
    subscriptions: ["event_new", "grandexchange_sell", "my_grandexchange_sell", "grandexchange_neworder"]
};

async function receiveMessages() {
    const websocket = new WebSocket(url);

    websocket.on('open', () => {
        websocket.send(JSON.stringify(message));
        console.log("Connected to the WebSocket server");
    });

    websocket.on('message', (data) => {
        const messageReceived = JSON.parse(data);
        console.log("Message received:", messageReceived);
    });

    websocket.on('close', () => {
        console.log("Connection closed by the server");
    });

    websocket.on('error', (error) => {
        console.error("WebSocket error:", error);
    });
}

// Start the WebSocket client
receiveMessages();
```

```java filename="Java" copy
<dependency>
    <groupId>org.java-websocket</groupId>
    <artifactId>Java-WebSocket</artifactId>
    <version>1.5.7</version>
</dependency>

public class WebSocketHandler extends WebSocketClient {

    public WebSocketHandler(URI serverUri) {
        super(serverUri);
    }

    @Override
    public void onOpen(ServerHandshake handshakedata) {
        String message = """
        {"token": "%s",
        "subscriptions": ["event_spawn", "event_removed,"grandexchange_sell", "grandexchange_neworder", "achievement_unlocked"]};
        """.formatted(TOKEN);
        send(message);
        System.out.println("Connected to WebSocket server");
    }

    @Override
    public void onMessage(String message) {
        System.out.println("Received message: " + message);
    }

    @Override
    public void onClose(int code, String reason, boolean remote) {
        System.out.println("Disconnected from WebSocket server: " + reason);
    }

    @Override
    public void onError(Exception ex) {
        System.err.println("WebSocket error: " + ex.getMessage());
    }

    public static void main(String[] args){
        try {
            WebSocketHandler client = new WebSocketHandler(new URI("wss://realtime.artifactsmmo.com"));
            client.connectBlocking();
        } catch (URISyntaxException | InterruptedException e) {
            e.printStackTrace();
        }
    }
}
```

## Server responses

Server messages always include notification type and data. Data is always the same schema returned by the API if possible.

Here's an example of a server message:
```python
{
  'type': 'grandexchange_neworder', 
  'data': {"id":"67337920ef441b2c7466d5e8","seller":"muigetsu","code":"copper_ore","quantity":1,"price":1,"created_at":"2024-11-12T15:49:52.343Z"}
}
```
