pages/quickstart/introduction.mdx, before:

import { Callout } from 'nextra/components' 

# Introduction 

Artifacts is an **asynchronous MMORPG** in which you can control up to **5 characters at the same time**. Your characters can fight monsters, gather resources, craft items and much more. 

Unlike a traditional game, you'll have to **write your own scripts** in your preferred programming language to control your characters via an API.

For a quick start, you can write **your first Javascript scripts directly in the client's code editor**, otherwise you can use any language you like on your own IDE.  You can see examples in other programming languages in the [Reference API](https://api.artifactsmmo.com/docs/#/).


 
 
## Before you start

The first step is to [create your account](https://artifactsmmo.com/account/register) and your first character [by logging in](https://artifactsmmo.com/my/characters).
After that you'll need your token, which you can find [on your account](https://artifactsmmo.com/my).
 
![Token](https://artifactsmmo.com/images/docs/token.png)

<Callout type="warning" emoji="⚠️">
The token is used by the server to identify you when you make requests.&#x20;
**It is important to keep it secret.**
</Callout>
 
You can now open the game client by [clicking here](https://client.artifactsmmo.com). 


**Ready to start?**

## Client

 The client lets you play with your characters and see all the information you need. It's literally your dashboard for following your characters in real time.

![Client](https://artifactsmmo.com/images/docs/scgame1.png)

On the top left, you have your logs, i.e. all the actions performed by your characters, and when you click on a log, you get all the details.

![Log](https://artifactsmmo.com/images/docs/log_example.png)

At bottom left, a list of your characters, and when you click on a character, you can control it and see all the information about it.

And finally, in the top right-hand corner, you'll find the “Code Editor” button, which opens the Javascript code editor.
<Callout type="warning" emoji="⚠️">
Firefox does not fully support the editor. Please use a chromimum-based web browser such as Chrome, Brave or Edge.
</Callout>
 
![IDE](https://artifactsmmo.com/images/docs/ide.png)

The IDE runs in a Node.js environment, so you need to type node name_of_your_script.js in the terminal to run it. By default, the script is called index.js, so you can type node index.js

## Moving

The 2D world uses a movement system with X,Y coordinates.

![Map](https://artifactsmmo.com/images/docs/map.png)

To move, you'll need to know the coordinates of the map you want to move your character to. There are several ways of doing this, including using an [API request](https://api.artifactsmmo.com/docs/#/operations/all_maps_maps__get), but for the purposes of this guide, we're going to use the information available in the client.

If you look at (0,1) on the map, you'll find the chicken. A low-level monster that's easy enough to kill when you start the game. We're going to fight him.

![Chicken](https://artifactsmmo.com/images/docs/chicken.png)
 
By default, your character spawns in position (0,0) on the map. To move him, you'll need to make your first POST request.  

We'll show you examples in cURL and Javascript in the guide, but you can send API requests directly from your browser and see examples in other programming languages in the [API Reference](https://api.artifactsmmo.com/docs/#/operations/action_move_my__name__action_move_post).

<Callout type="info" emoji="ℹ️">
To control a character, you need to insert its name in the url of your API request.
</Callout>

```http filename="cURL" copy
curl --location -g --request POST 'https://api.artifactsmmo.com/my/INSERT_CHARACTER_NAME/action/move' \
--header 'Accept: application/json' \
--header 'Content-Type: application/json' \
--header 'Authorization: Bearer INSERT_TOKEN_HERE' \
--data-raw '{
  "x": 0,
  "y": 1
}'
```
```js filename="Javascript" copy
var myHeaders = new Headers();
myHeaders.append("Accept", "application/json");
myHeaders.append("Content-Type", "application/json");
myHeaders.append("Authorization", "Bearer INSERT_TOKEN_HERE");

var raw = JSON.stringify({
   "x": 0,
   "y": 1
});

var requestOptions = {
   method: 'POST',
   headers: myHeaders,
   body: raw,
   redirect: 'follow'
};

fetch("https://api.artifactsmmo.com/my/INSERT_CHARACTER_NAME/action/move", requestOptions)
   .then(response => response.text())
   .then(result => console.log(result))
   .catch(error => console.log('error', error));
```

[View the API Reference](https://api.artifactsmmo.com/docs/#/operations/action_move_my__name__action_move_post)

After moving, your character will be on a cooldown and you won't be able to make an action again until the cooldown expires.

Commit message:

Add beta and seasonal info to docs
Add a beta notice to the homepage announcing an official release planned for summer 2026. Update the quickstart introduction to describe the seasonal server system (seasons last 4 months and include seasonal features and achievement badges). Also modify the Grand Exchange line in the homepage content.

pages/quickstart/introduction.mdx, after:

import { Callout } from 'nextra/components' 

# Introduction 

Artifacts is an **asynchronous MMORPG** in which you can control up to **5 characters at the same time**. Your characters can fight monsters, gather resources, craft items and much more. 

Artifacts uses a **seasonal server system**, with each season lasting **4 months**. Each season brings its own new features, and gives you the chance to stand out from the crowd by being the first player to complete all the achievements and earn a unique badge.

Unlike a traditional game, you'll have to **write your own scripts** in your preferred programming language to control your characters via an API.

For a quick start, you can write **your first Javascript scripts directly in the client's code editor**, otherwise you can use any language you like on your own IDE.  You can see examples in other programming languages in the [Reference API](https://api.artifactsmmo.com/docs/#/).


 
 
## Before you start

The first step is to [create your account](https://artifactsmmo.com/account/register) and your first character [by logging in](https://artifactsmmo.com/my/characters).
After that you'll need your token, which you can find [on your account](https://artifactsmmo.com/my).
 
![Token](https://artifactsmmo.com/images/docs/token.png)

<Callout type="warning" emoji="⚠️">
The token is used by the server to identify you when you make requests.&#x20;
**It is important to keep it secret.**
</Callout>
 
You can now open the game client by [clicking here](https://client.artifactsmmo.com). 


**Ready to start?**

## Client

 The client lets you play with your characters and see all the information you need. It's literally your dashboard for following your characters in real time.

![Client](https://artifactsmmo.com/images/docs/scgame1.png)

On the top left, you have your logs, i.e. all the actions performed by your characters, and when you click on a log, you get all the details.

![Log](https://artifactsmmo.com/images/docs/log_example.png)

At bottom left, a list of your characters, and when you click on a character, you can control it and see all the information about it.

And finally, in the top right-hand corner, you'll find the “Code Editor” button, which opens the Javascript code editor.
<Callout type="warning" emoji="⚠️">
Firefox does not fully support the editor. Please use a chromimum-based web browser such as Chrome, Brave or Edge.
</Callout>
 
![IDE](https://artifactsmmo.com/images/docs/ide.png)

The IDE runs in a Node.js environment, so you need to type node name_of_your_script.js in the terminal to run it. By default, the script is called index.js, so you can type node index.js

## Moving

The 2D world uses a movement system with X,Y coordinates.

![Map](https://artifactsmmo.com/images/docs/map.png)

To move, you'll need to know the coordinates of the map you want to move your character to. There are several ways of doing this, including using an [API request](https://api.artifactsmmo.com/docs/#/operations/all_maps_maps__get), but for the purposes of this guide, we're going to use the information available in the client.

If you look at (0,1) on the map, you'll find the chicken. A low-level monster that's easy enough to kill when you start the game. We're going to fight him.

![Chicken](https://artifactsmmo.com/images/docs/chicken.png)
 
By default, your character spawns in position (0,0) on the map. To move him, you'll need to make your first POST request.  

We'll show you examples in cURL and Javascript in the guide, but you can send API requests directly from your browser and see examples in other programming languages in the [API Reference](https://api.artifactsmmo.com/docs/#/operations/action_move_my__name__action_move_post).

<Callout type="info" emoji="ℹ️">
To control a character, you need to insert its name in the url of your API request.
</Callout>

```http filename="cURL" copy
curl --location -g --request POST 'https://api.artifactsmmo.com/my/INSERT_CHARACTER_NAME/action/move' \
--header 'Accept: application/json' \
--header 'Content-Type: application/json' \
--header 'Authorization: Bearer INSERT_TOKEN_HERE' \
--data-raw '{
  "x": 0,
  "y": 1
}'
```
```js filename="Javascript" copy
var myHeaders = new Headers();
myHeaders.append("Accept", "application/json");
myHeaders.append("Content-Type", "application/json");
myHeaders.append("Authorization", "Bearer INSERT_TOKEN_HERE");

var raw = JSON.stringify({
   "x": 0,
   "y": 1
});

var requestOptions = {
   method: 'POST',
   headers: myHeaders,
   body: raw,
   redirect: 'follow'
};

fetch("https://api.artifactsmmo.com/my/INSERT_CHARACTER_NAME/action/move", requestOptions)
   .then(response => response.text())
   .then(result => console.log(result))
   .catch(error => console.log('error', error));
```

[View the API Reference](https://api.artifactsmmo.com/docs/#/operations/action_move_my__name__action_move_post)

After moving, your character will be on a cooldown and you won't be able to make an action again until the cooldown expires.
