pages/funding.mdx, before:

# Funding
Artifacts is free to use, but it's not free to run. Every contribution will directly support server maintenance, which is essential for our operations. If you'd like to help support the project, you can donate to the developers using the link below.

[Donate to Artifacts](https://www.paypal.com/donate?campaign_id=H6CLB9W89XPFN)

## Become a Founder of Artifacts ##
 
 You can help our development by becoming an Artifacts founder. We have 3 levels of founders. **This is your last chance to get a Founder badge!**

![Crowdunding](https://i.postimg.cc/kgkV4T6P/crowdunding2.png)

Included:
- Founder badge on the leaderboard and Discord 
- ~~Gems can be used to purchase services and subscriptions starting next season.~~  Gems have been removed and will be replaced by a more conventional subscription system.   [See the following section for more details.](/funding#end-of-the-founder-program)
	 - Founder : 5-month subscription
	 - Gold Founder : 12-month subscription
	 - VIP Founder: 24-month subscription
- Access to [WebSockets notifications ](https://docs.artifactsmmo.com/others/websockets).
- Access to test server approximately one week before the deployment of each season.
- Fight simulator
- 12 event tokens (3 per month for 4 months) to spawn the event of your choice for everyone.

You will be contacted by e-mail to link your in-game account and Discord.
If you don't want any counterpart, you can make a donation of any size directly to the campaign.

[Join the fundraising campaign](https://www.paypal.com/donate?campaign_id=H6CLB9W89XPFN)


## End of the Founder Program

At launch, we introduced the **Founders program** a bit hastily, mainly to cover **high server costs**. Since then, we’ve taken a step back and put a lot more thought into the **business model** so it’s simpler, fairer, and more sustainable.


### What’s changing with Version 1 (2026)

With the arrival of **Version 1 in early 2026**, the Founder program will end and be replaced by a traditional subscription.  The subscription is optional to support the game; the game is completely free to play and will remain so.

- **$6/ month**, or  
- **$60/ year** (equivalent to **$5/ month**)

---

### Gems → Subscription Conversion

All gems you own will be **converted into subscription time** according to the ratio below:

| Tier         | Gems  | Subscription Time |
|--------------|-------|-------------------|
| Founder      | 3,000 | **5 months**      |
| Gold Founder | 7,000 | **12 months**     |
| VIP Founder  | 14,000| **24 months**     |

If you made **multiple purchases**, they will be **combined**.

---

### Founder Titles & Skins

Your **Founder title** (regardless of tier) will be **kept forever** in-game and on Discord and will **no longer be obtainable**.  
A **unique character skin** will also be granted for **each tier** by the end of the Founders program.

---

### Included with the Subscription

- **3 Event Tokens**  
  Spawn any event you want, whenever you want.

- **Sandbox Server Access**  
  Test freely. Extra endpoints to grant items, XP, and gold, spawn events, and to reduce cooldowns. Available via the API and in-client (sandbox mode).

- **Test Server (Season Preview)**  
  Early access to the next season to try new content and prepare for launch. Same features as the sandbox are enabled.

- **Fight Simulator**  
  Run up to 100 iterations at once with full combat logs. Supports solo and boss fights. Available via the API and with an easy-to-use UI.

- **Account stats**  
Complete statistics for your account accessible on your profile: Monsters killed, number of requests, number of deaths, number of items crafted, etc.

- **WebSockets Access**  
  Real-time notifications for Grand Exchange trades, NPC shop price-change alerts, event spawns, and live logs.

- **Webhooks Access**  
  Receive push events: Grand Exchange trades, NPC price changes, and event spawns.

Commit message:

Convert Founder program to Season Pass
Replace the Founder/gems subscription model with a Season Pass system and update related docs. Key changes:

- pages/funding.mdx: update Founder program copy (end date), rename subscriptions to season passes, adjust pricing, convert gems → season passes table, update included perks and links (sandbox/test server, fight simulator, event tokens).
- pages/members/_meta.json: remove webhooks entry.
- pages/members/webhooks.mdx: remove deprecated webhooks page.
- pages/members/websockets.mdx: clarify online_characters is sent on connect and every 10 minutes; add a new version notification sent on connect and after updates.
- pages/quickstart/hp_recovery.mdx: correct rest cooldown wording to “1 second per 1% of HP recovered.”
- pages/resources/updates.mdx: add patch notes for 7.0.2 (fixes for give items/gold logs, task log format, added rate-limit headers, fight simulator OpenAPI errors, websockets version notification) and 7.0.1 static data pagination change.

Also minor copy and formatting tweaks across affected pages.

pages/funding.mdx, after:

# Funding
Artifacts is free to use, but it's not free to run. Every contribution will directly support server maintenance, which is essential for our operations. If you'd like to help support the project, you can donate to the developers using the link below.

[Donate to Artifacts](https://www.paypal.com/donate?campaign_id=H6CLB9W89XPFN)

## Become a Founder of Artifacts ##
 
 You can help our development by becoming an Artifacts founder. We have 3 levels of founders. **This is your last chance to get a Founder badge, the program will end on May 31, 2026.**

![Crowdunding](https://i.postimg.cc/kgkV4T6P/crowdunding2.png)

Included:
- Founder badge on the leaderboard and Discord 
- ~~Gems can be used to purchase services and subscriptions starting next season.~~  Gems have been removed and will be replaced by a season pass system.  [See the following section for more details.](/funding#end-of-the-founder-program)
	 - Founder: 1 season passes
	 - Gold Founder: 3 season passes
	 - VIP Founder: 6 season passes
- Access to [WebSockets notifications ](https://docs.artifactsmmo.com/others/websockets).
- Access to [Sandbox server](https://docs.artifactsmmo.com/members/sandbox_server).
- Access to [test server](https://docs.artifactsmmo.com/members/test_server) approximately one week before the deployment of each season.
- [Fight Simulator](https://docs.artifactsmmo.com/members/fight_simulator)
- 12 [event tokens](https://docs.artifactsmmo.com/members/event_tokens) per season to spawn the event of your choice for everyone. (This system will be modified for the game launch, see the "Included with the Season Pass" section below)

You will be contacted by e-mail to link your in-game account and Discord.


[Join the fundraising campaign](https://www.paypal.com/donate?campaign_id=H6CLB9W89XPFN)


## End of the Founder Program

At launch of the Alpha version, we introduced the **Founders program** a bit hastily, mainly to cover **high server costs**. Since then, we’ve taken a step back and put a lot more thought into the **business model** so it’s simpler, fairer, and more sustainable.


### What’s changing with Version 1 (2026)

With the arrival of **Version 1 in June 2026**, the Founder program will end and be replaced by a **season pass system**. The season pass is optional to support the game; the game is completely free to play and will remain so.

- **$24 per season (4 months)** (equivalent to $6/ month)
- **$60 for 3 seasons (1 year)** (equivalent to $5/ month)

---

### Gems → Season Pass Conversion

All gems you own will be **converted into season passes** according to the ratio below:

| Tier         | Gems  | Season Passes     |
|--------------|-------|-------------------|
| Founder      | 3,000 | 1 |
| Gold Founder | 7,000 | 3 |
| VIP Founder  | 14,000| 6 |


If you made **multiple purchases**, they will be **combined**.

---

### Founder Titles & Skins

Your **Founder title** (regardless of tier) will be **kept forever** in-game and on Discord and will **no longer be obtainable**.  
A **unique character skin** will also be granted for **each tier** by the end of the Founders program.

---

### Included with the Season Pass

- **Season rewards**  
  Unlock rewards when you unlock achievement points, such as events token and exclusive skins.

- **Sandbox Server**  
  Test freely. Extra endpoints to grant items, XP, and gold, spawn events, and to reduce cooldowns.

- **Test Server (Season Preview)**  
  Early access to the next season to try new content and prepare for launch. Same features as the sandbox are enabled.

- **Fight Simulator**  
  Run up to 100 iterations at once with full combat logs. Supports solo and boss fights. Available via the API and directly in the game client.

- **Account stats**  
  Complete statistics for your account accessible on your profile: Monsters killed, number of requests, number of deaths, number of items crafted, etc.

- **WebSockets Access**  
  Real-time notifications for Grand Exchange trades, event spawns live logs and more.
