pages/index.mdx, before:

import { Tabs } from 'nextra/components' 
import { Callout } from 'nextra/components'
import { Cards,Card } from 'nextra/components'
import Image from 'next/image'

# Overview 
 
Artifacts is a Sandbox MMORPG with HTTP endpoints to automate gameplay and build your own tools. Every action you can perform with your character corresponds to an endpoint that you can interact with using code.
 
 
![Characters](https://artifactsmmo.com/images/docs/characters.png)

The API is documented using OpenAPI, which you can access by [clicking here](https://api.artifactsmmo.com/docs/#/).
You can try our [Quickstart Guide](/quickstart/introduction) to quickly learn the basics of Artifacts.
  
<Cards>
  <Card title="Quickstart" href="/quickstart/introduction" />
  <Card title="Game concepts" href="/concepts/actions" />
  <Card title="Game Client" href="https://artifactsmmo.com/client" />
  <Card title="API Docs" href="https://api.artifactsmmo.com/docs/#/" />
  <Card title="Discord" href="https://discord.com/invite/prEBQ8a6Vs" />
  <Card title="Support Us" href="https://www.paypal.com/donate/?hosted_button_id=H65954RZKKEJW" />  

 
</Cards> 

To share your projects, ask questions, or give feedback, we have a [Discord](https://discord.gg/prEBQ8a6Vs). 

 ## Season 4 is now avaliable

![New season](https://artifactsmmo.com/images/docs/season_msg.jpg)

This season will include new features:
- **Monsters abilites:** Monsters can now cast abilites such as burn, poison, lifesteal and more, making combat more tactical.
- **NPCs:** New residents populate the world of Artifacts. Discover NPC merchants who will buy and sell your items!
- **Critical Strike**: Critical strikes are here! Weapons and monsters can now perform critical strikes! Watch out!
- **Rune system** : Equip your character with a powerful rune that will give you a powerful ability. Get tactical!
- **New content! Over 50 new items, 3 new monsters and more!**.


## Gameplay

Artifacts is a Sandbox MMORPG where you can do whatever you want - there's no set path to follow.  You can send your characters into combat against monsters, obtain resources through harvesting skills such as mining and woodcutting, craft equipment, complete quests and much more.

![Game](https://artifactsmmo.com/images/docs/scgame1.png)


The game's economy is simulated and influenced by players' actions. Item prices increase and decrease according to demand.

To learn more about the game, check out our  [gameplay  concepts](/concepts/actions), or try the game with our  [quickstart](/quickstart/introduction)  guide.

The game is currently in alpha and  under active development, so we are always adding new features and content.

## Features

The Alpha 4 is now available with the following features:
- Elemental combat system (fire, air, water, earth)
- 40 levels of combat and skills.
- 8 skills (Mining, Woodcutting, Cooking, Alchemy, Gearcrafting, Weaponcrafting, Jewelrycrafting)
- A Grand Exchange for selling/buying items to other players
- Banking system
- Events (exclusive monsters/resources/npcs that appear randomly in the world for a limited time)
- A dynamic tasks system to get exclusive items.
- An achievements system.

In terms of numbers, this represents **over 350 items, 32 monsters, +250 crafts and 357 maps**.

A game client with a javascript editor will also be available to help you discover the game in the best possible conditions.

## Let's start

Now that you know a little more about the game, I invite you to continue with our [Quickstart Guide](/quickstart/introduction) to learn the basics in less than five minutes.

Commit message:

Update docs for Season 5 features and changes
Updated documentation to reflect the launch of Season 5, including new NPC traders, events, item/gold transfers, and the item condition system. Adjusted action and skill cooldowns, updated event and monster lists, clarified task coin exchanges, and revised patch notes to match new content and mechanics.

pages/index.mdx, after:

import { Tabs } from 'nextra/components' 
import { Callout } from 'nextra/components'
import { Cards,Card } from 'nextra/components'
import Image from 'next/image'

# Overview 
 
Artifacts is a Sandbox MMORPG with HTTP endpoints to automate gameplay and build your own tools. Every action you can perform with your character corresponds to an endpoint that you can interact with using code.
 
 
![Characters](https://artifactsmmo.com/images/docs/characters.png)

The API is documented using OpenAPI, which you can access by [clicking here](https://api.artifactsmmo.com/docs/#/).
You can try our [Quickstart Guide](/quickstart/introduction) to quickly learn the basics of Artifacts.
  
<Cards>
  <Card title="Quickstart" href="/quickstart/introduction" />
  <Card title="Game concepts" href="/concepts/actions" />
  <Card title="Game Client" href="https://artifactsmmo.com/client" />
  <Card title="API Docs" href="https://api.artifactsmmo.com/docs/#/" />
  <Card title="Discord" href="https://discord.com/invite/prEBQ8a6Vs" />
  <Card title="Support Us" href="https://www.paypal.com/donate/?hosted_button_id=H65954RZKKEJW" />  

 
</Cards> 

To share your projects, ask questions, or give feedback, we have a [Discord](https://discord.gg/prEBQ8a6Vs). 

 ## Season 5 is now avaliable

![New season](https://artifactsmmo.com/images/docs/season_msg_s5.png)

This season will include new features:
- **NPC Traders:**  New NPCs will populate the world of Artifacts, offering you opportunities to trade items!
- **New events** : Corruption has invaded the world of Artifacts and is affecting many monsters.
- **Item/Gold Transfers**: Item and gold transfer between same account characters.
- **Condition System:** A new item conditions system. Tools will now require skill levels instead of combat levels.

You can check [Di the patch notes](https://docs.artifactsmmo.com/resources/updates) to see all the new features:


## Gameplay

Artifacts is a Sandbox MMORPG where you can do whatever you want - there's no set path to follow.  You can send your characters into combat against monsters, obtain resources through harvesting skills such as mining and woodcutting, craft equipment, complete quests and much more.

![Game](https://artifactsmmo.com/images/docs/scgame1.png)


The game's economy is simulated and influenced by players' actions. Item prices increase and decrease according to demand.

To learn more about the game, check out our  [gameplay  concepts](/concepts/actions), or try the game with our  [quickstart](/quickstart/introduction)  guide.

The game is currently in alpha and  under active development, so we are always adding new features and content.

## Features

The Alpha 4 is now available with the following features:
- Elemental combat system (fire, air, water, earth)
- 45 levels of combat and skills.
- 8 skills (Mining, Woodcutting, Cooking, Alchemy, Gearcrafting, Weaponcrafting, Jewelrycrafting)
- A Grand Exchange for selling/buying items to other players
- Banking system
- Events (exclusive monsters/resources/npcs that appear randomly in the world for a limited time)
- A dynamic tasks system to get exclusive items.
- An achievements system.

In terms of numbers, this represents **over 350 items, 32 monsters, +250 crafts and 357 maps**.

A game client with a javascript editor will also be available to help you discover the game in the best possible conditions.

## Let's start

Now that you know a little more about the game, I invite you to continue with our [Quickstart Guide](/quickstart/introduction) to learn the basics in less than five minutes.
