pages/concepts/give.mdx, before:

## Give Items & Gold

Your character can give items or gold to other characters on your account, as long as both characters are on the same map. This feature enables you to specialize some characters as dedicated transporters or traders, making it easier to manage resources within your team.
 
You can use this to optimize logistics or simply transfer gear, resources, or currency to the character who needs them most.

- Both the sender and receiver must be **your own characters**, and they must be located **on the same map**.
- Giving multiple items at once applies a cooldown: **3 seconds per different item given**.

---

### Give Items

To give one or more items to another of your characters, use the following POST request:

```http filename="cURL" copy
curl --request POST \
  --url https://api.artifactsmmo.com/my/{sender}/action/give/item \
  --header 'Accept: application/json' \
  --header 'Authorization: Bearer INSERT_YOUR_TOKEN_HERE' \
  --header 'Content-Type: application/json' \
  --data '{
    "character": "receiverName",
    "items": [
      { "code": "iron_ore", "quantity": 10 },
      { "code": "wood", "quantity": 5 }
    ]
  }'
```

```js filename="Javascript" copy
const url = 'https://api.artifactsmmo.com/my/{sender}/action/give/item';
const options = {
  method: 'POST',
  headers: {
    'Content-Type': 'application/json',
    Accept: 'application/json',
    Authorization: 'Bearer INSERT_YOUR_TOKEN_HERE'
  },
  body: JSON.stringify({
    character: "receiverName",
    items: [
      { code: "iron_ore", quantity: 10 },
      { code: "wood", quantity: 5 }
    ]
  })
};

try {
  const response = await fetch(url, options);
  const data = await response.json();
  console.log(data);
} catch (error) {
  console.error(error);
}
```

[View the API Reference](https://api.artifactsmmo.com/docs/#/operations/action_give_items_my__name__action_give_item_post)

---

### Give Gold

To transfer gold to another of your characters on the same map, use the following POST request:

```http filename="cURL" copy
curl --request POST \
  --url https://api.artifactsmmo.com/my/{sender}/action/give/gold \
  --header 'Accept: application/json' \
  --header 'Authorization: Bearer INSERT_YOUR_TOKEN_HERE' \
  --header 'Content-Type: application/json' \
  --data '{
    "character": "receiverName",
    "quantity": 500
  }'
```

```js filename="Javascript" copy
const url = 'https://api.artifactsmmo.com/my/{sender}/action/give/gold';
const options = {
  method: 'POST',
  headers: {
    'Content-Type': 'application/json',
    Accept: 'application/json',
    Authorization: 'Bearer INSERT_YOUR_TOKEN_HERE'
  },
  body: JSON.stringify({
    character: "receiverName",
    quantity: 500
  })
};

try {
  const response = await fetch(url, options);
  const data = await response.json();
  console.log(data);
} catch (error) {
  console.error(error);
}
```

[View the API Reference](https://api.artifactsmmo.com/docs/#/operations/action_give_gold_my__name__action_give_gold_post)

Commit message:

docs: add API field tables, callouts, and content updates
Add parameter tables and explanatory callouts across multiple concept pages to clarify API request bodies and gameplay rules. Changes include: give, inventory_and_bank, maps_and_movement, npcs, pending_items, recycling, resting_and_using_items, skills, stats_and_fights, tasks, equip/unequip and fight endpoints. Improve gameplay docs (resting and consumable cooldowns, XP caps/penalties for overleveling, crafting XP details, monster XP and effects), add warnings/info callouts, and minor content updates (Season 7 announcement and image swap, roadmap launch wording). Small edits also add import of Callout where required and update examples with field descriptions to help integrators and players.

pages/concepts/give.mdx, after:

## Give Items & Gold

Your character can give items or gold to other characters on your account, as long as both characters are on the same map. This feature enables you to specialize some characters as dedicated transporters or traders, making it easier to manage resources within your team.
 
You can use this to optimize logistics or simply transfer gear, resources, or currency to the character who needs them most.

- Both the sender and receiver must be **your own characters**, and they must be located **on the same map**.
- Giving multiple items at once applies a cooldown: **3 seconds per different item given**.

---

### Give Items

To give one or more items to another of your characters, use the following POST request:

```http filename="cURL" copy
curl --request POST \
  --url https://api.artifactsmmo.com/my/{sender}/action/give/item \
  --header 'Accept: application/json' \
  --header 'Authorization: Bearer INSERT_YOUR_TOKEN_HERE' \
  --header 'Content-Type: application/json' \
  --data '{
    "character": "receiverName",
    "items": [
      { "code": "iron_ore", "quantity": 10 },
      { "code": "wood", "quantity": 5 }
    ]
  }'
```

```js filename="Javascript" copy
const url = 'https://api.artifactsmmo.com/my/{sender}/action/give/item';
const options = {
  method: 'POST',
  headers: {
    'Content-Type': 'application/json',
    Accept: 'application/json',
    Authorization: 'Bearer INSERT_YOUR_TOKEN_HERE'
  },
  body: JSON.stringify({
    character: "receiverName",
    items: [
      { code: "iron_ore", quantity: 10 },
      { code: "wood", quantity: 5 }
    ]
  })
};

try {
  const response = await fetch(url, options);
  const data = await response.json();
  console.log(data);
} catch (error) {
  console.error(error);
}
```

| Field | Description |
|---|---|
| `character` | Name of the character who will receive the items. |
| `items` | List of items to give (1–20 items). Each item has a `code` and `quantity`. |

[View the API Reference](https://api.artifactsmmo.com/docs/#/operations/action_give_items_my__name__action_give_item_post)

---

### Give Gold

To transfer gold to another of your characters on the same map, use the following POST request:

```http filename="cURL" copy
curl --request POST \
  --url https://api.artifactsmmo.com/my/{sender}/action/give/gold \
  --header 'Accept: application/json' \
  --header 'Authorization: Bearer INSERT_YOUR_TOKEN_HERE' \
  --header 'Content-Type: application/json' \
  --data '{
    "character": "receiverName",
    "quantity": 500
  }'
```

```js filename="Javascript" copy
const url = 'https://api.artifactsmmo.com/my/{sender}/action/give/gold';
const options = {
  method: 'POST',
  headers: {
    'Content-Type': 'application/json',
    Accept: 'application/json',
    Authorization: 'Bearer INSERT_YOUR_TOKEN_HERE'
  },
  body: JSON.stringify({
    character: "receiverName",
    quantity: 500
  })
};

try {
  const response = await fetch(url, options);
  const data = await response.json();
  console.log(data);
} catch (error) {
  console.error(error);
}
```

| Field | Description |
|---|---|
| `character` | Name of the character who will receive the gold. |
| `quantity` | Amount of gold to give. |

[View the API Reference](https://api.artifactsmmo.com/docs/#/operations/action_give_gold_my__name__action_give_gold_post)
