pages/concepts/inventory_and_bank.mdx, before:

## Inventory

Each character has 20 slots in their inventory, which can hold a maximum of 100 items. So you can have 20 different items, but a maximum of 100 items in total. At each level, the maximum total items increases by 2.
  
You can view the contents of your inventory with [this request.](https://api.artifactsmmo.com/docs/#/operations/get_my_characters_my_characters_get)
  
```http filename="JSON" copy
....
"inventory": [
  {
    "slot": 0,
    "code": "string",
    "quantity": 0
    }
]
``` 

## Bank 

At the bank, you can deposit items and gold. The bank is shared with all your characters, it's the best way to trade with your other characters.

The bank is limited to 50 slots, but you can buy expansions at a cost of 4000 gold, and the price increases (x2) with each expansion purchased.

### View bank items

You can view the contents of your bank at any time using the following request:

```http filename="cURL" copy
curl --location --request GET 'https://api.artifactsmmo.com/my/bank/items' \
--header 'Accept: application/json' \
--header 'Authorization: Bearer INSERT_YOUR_TOKEN_HERE'
```
```js filename="Javascript" copy
const url = 'https://api.artifactsmmo.com/my/bank/items';
const options = {
  method: 'GET',
  headers: {
    'Accept': 'application/json',
    'Authorization': 'Bearer INSERT_YOUR_TOKEN_HERE'
  }
};

try {
  const response = await fetch(url, options);
  const data = await response.json();
  console.log(data);
} catch (error) {
  console.error(error);
}
```
[View the API Reference](https://api.artifactsmmo.com/docs/#/operations/get_bank_items_my_bank_items_get)

### Get bank details

You can also view general information about your bank (total gold, slots, expansions, next expansion cost) using:

```http filename="cURL" copy
curl --location --request GET 'https://api.artifactsmmo.com/my/bank' \
--header 'Accept: application/json' \
--header 'Authorization: Bearer INSERT_YOUR_TOKEN_HERE'
```
```js filename="Javascript" copy
const url = 'https://api.artifactsmmo.com/my/bank';
const options = {
  method: 'GET',
  headers: {
    'Accept': 'application/json',
    'Authorization': 'Bearer INSERT_YOUR_TOKEN_HERE'
  }
};

try {
  const response = await fetch(url, options);
  const data = await response.json();
  console.log(data);
} catch (error) {
  console.error(error);
}
```
[View the API Reference](https://api.artifactsmmo.com/docs/#/operations/get_bank_details_my_bank_get)

### Deposit/withdraw item

To deposit or withdraw items, you must be on a map containing a bank.

- You can deposit or withdraw up to **20 different items at once** per request.
- The **cooldown** is **3 seconds per different item** deposited or withdrawn.

You can use this POST request to **withdraw items**:

```http filename="cURL" copy
curl --request POST \
  --url https://api.artifactsmmo.com/my/{name}/action/bank/withdraw/item \
  --header 'Accept: application/json' \
  --header 'Authorization: Bearer INSERT_YOUR_TOKEN_HERE' \
  --header 'Content-Type: application/json' \
  --data '[
    { "code": "string", "quantity": 1 },
    { "code": "another_item", "quantity": 2 }
]'
```
```js filename="Javascript" copy
const url = 'https://api.artifactsmmo.com/my/{name}/action/bank/withdraw/item';
const options = {
  method: 'POST',
  headers: {
    'Content-Type': 'application/json',
    Accept: 'application/json',
    Authorization: 'Bearer INSERT_YOUR_TOKEN_HERE'
  },
  body: JSON.stringify([
    { code: "string", quantity: 1 },
    { code: "another_item", quantity: 2 }
  ])
};

try {
  const response = await fetch(url, options);
  const data = await response.json();
  console.log(data);
} catch (error) {
  console.error(error);
}
```
[View the API Reference](https://api.artifactsmmo.com/docs/#/operations/action_withdraw_bank_item_my__name__action_bank_withdraw_item_post)

You can use this POST request to **deposit items**:

```http filename="cURL" copy
curl --request POST \
  --url https://api.artifactsmmo.com/my/{name}/action/bank/deposit/item \
  --header 'Accept: application/json' \
  --header 'Authorization: Bearer INSERT_YOUR_TOKEN_HERE' \
  --header 'Content-Type: application/json' \
  --data '[
    { "code": "string", "quantity": 1 },
    { "code": "another_item", "quantity": 2 }
]'
```
```js filename="Javascript" copy
const url = 'https://api.artifactsmmo.com/my/{name}/action/bank/deposit/item';
const options = {
  method: 'POST',
  headers: {
    'Content-Type': 'application/json',
    Accept: 'application/json',
    Authorization: 'Bearer INSERT_YOUR_TOKEN_HERE'
  },
  body: JSON.stringify([
    { code: "string", quantity: 1 },
    { code: "another_item", quantity: 2 }
  ])
};

try {
  const response = await fetch(url, options);
  const data = await response.json();
  console.log(data);
} catch (error) {
  console.error(error);
}
```
[View the API Reference](https://api.artifactsmmo.com/docs/#/operations/action_deposit_bank_item_my__name__action_bank_deposit_item_post)


### Deposit/withdraw gold

To deposit or withdraw gold, you must be on a map containing a bank.

- You can deposit or withdraw **any amount of gold** per request, as long as you have the gold available.
- The **cooldown** is **always 3 seconds** per deposit or withdrawal of gold, regardless of the amount.

You can use this POST request to **withdraw gold**:

```http filename="cURL" copy
curl --request POST \
  --url https://api.artifactsmmo.com/my/{name}/action/bank/withdraw/gold \
  --header 'Accept: application/json' \
  --header 'Authorization: Bearer INSERT_YOUR_TOKEN_HERE' \
  --header 'Content-Type: application/json' \
  --data '{
  "quantity": 1
}'
```
```js filename="Javascript" copy
const url = 'https://api.artifactsmmo.com/my/{name}/action/bank/withdraw/gold';
const options = {
  method: 'POST',
  headers: {
    'Content-Type': 'application/json',
    Accept: 'application/json',
    Authorization: 'Bearer INSERT_YOUR_TOKEN_HERE'
  },
  body: '{"quantity":1}'
};

try {
  const response = await fetch(url, options);
  const data = await response.json();
  console.log(data);
} catch (error) {
  console.error(error);
}
```
[View the API Reference](https://api.artifactsmmo.com/docs/#/operations/action_withdraw_bank_gold_my__name__action_bank_withdraw_gold_post)

You can use this POST request to **deposit gold**:

```http filename="cURL" copy
curl --request POST \
  --url https://api.artifactsmmo.com/my/{name}/action/bank/deposit/gold \
  --header 'Accept: application/json' \
  --header 'Authorization: Bearer INSERT_YOUR_TOKEN_HERE' \
  --header 'Content-Type: application/json' \
  --data '{
  "quantity": 1
}'
```
```js filename="Javascript" copy
const url = 'https://api.artifactsmmo.com/my/{name}/action/bank/deposit/gold';
const options = {
  method: 'POST',
  headers: {
    'Content-Type': 'application/json',
    Accept: 'application/json',
    Authorization: 'Bearer INSERT_YOUR_TOKEN_HERE'
  },
  body: '{"quantity":1}'
};

try {
  const response = await fetch(url, options);
  const data = await response.json();
  console.log(data);
} catch (error) {
  console.error(error);
}
```
[View the API Reference](https://api.artifactsmmo.com/docs/#/operations/action_deposit_bank_gold_my__name__action_bank_deposit_gold_post)

### Buy expansion

To buy an expansion, you need to be on a map containing a bank. It costs 4,500 gold for 20 slots, and the price increases (x2) with each expansion purchased.

You can use this POST request to buy an expansion:

```http filename="cURL" copy
curl --request POST \
  --url https://api.artifactsmmo.com/my/{name}/action/bank/buy_expansion \
  --header 'Accept: application/json' \
  --header 'Authorization: Bearer INSERT_YOUR_TOKEN_HERE' \
  --header 'Content-Type: application/json' \
```
```js filename="Javascript" copy
const url = 'https://api.artifactsmmo.com/my/{name}/action/bank/buy_expansion';
const options = {
  method: 'POST',
  headers: {
    'Content-Type': 'application/json',
    Accept: 'application/json',
    Authorization: 'Bearer INSERT_YOUR_TOKEN_HERE'
  }
};

try {
  const response = await fetch(url, options);
  const data = await response.json();
  console.log(data);
} catch (error) {
  console.error(error);
}
```
[View the API Reference](https://api.artifactsmmo.com/docs/#/operations/action_buy_bank_expansion_my__name__action_bank_buy_expansion_post)

Commit message:

docs: add API field tables, callouts, and content updates
Add parameter tables and explanatory callouts across multiple concept pages to clarify API request bodies and gameplay rules. Changes include: give, inventory_and_bank, maps_and_movement, npcs, pending_items, recycling, resting_and_using_items, skills, stats_and_fights, tasks, equip/unequip and fight endpoints. Improve gameplay docs (resting and consumable cooldowns, XP caps/penalties for overleveling, crafting XP details, monster XP and effects), add warnings/info callouts, and minor content updates (Season 7 announcement and image swap, roadmap launch wording). Small edits also add import of Callout where required and update examples with field descriptions to help integrators and players.

pages/concepts/inventory_and_bank.mdx, after:

## Inventory

Each character has 20 slots in their inventory, which can hold a maximum of 100 items. So you can have 20 different items, but a maximum of 100 items in total. At each level, the maximum total items increases by 2.
  
You can view the contents of your inventory with [this request.](https://api.artifactsmmo.com/docs/#/operations/get_my_characters_my_characters_get)
  
```http filename="JSON" copy
....
"inventory": [
  {
    "slot": 0,
    "code": "string",
    "quantity": 0
    }
]
``` 

## Bank 

At the bank, you can deposit items and gold. The bank is shared with all your characters, it's the best way to trade with your other characters.

The bank is limited to 50 slots, but you can buy expansions at a cost of 4000 gold, and the price increases (x2) with each expansion purchased.

### View bank items

You can view the contents of your bank at any time using the following request:

```http filename="cURL" copy
curl --location --request GET 'https://api.artifactsmmo.com/my/bank/items' \
--header 'Accept: application/json' \
--header 'Authorization: Bearer INSERT_YOUR_TOKEN_HERE'
```
```js filename="Javascript" copy
const url = 'https://api.artifactsmmo.com/my/bank/items';
const options = {
  method: 'GET',
  headers: {
    'Accept': 'application/json',
    'Authorization': 'Bearer INSERT_YOUR_TOKEN_HERE'
  }
};

try {
  const response = await fetch(url, options);
  const data = await response.json();
  console.log(data);
} catch (error) {
  console.error(error);
}
```
[View the API Reference](https://api.artifactsmmo.com/docs/#/operations/get_bank_items_my_bank_items_get)

### Get bank details

You can also view general information about your bank (total gold, slots, expansions, next expansion cost) using:

```http filename="cURL" copy
curl --location --request GET 'https://api.artifactsmmo.com/my/bank' \
--header 'Accept: application/json' \
--header 'Authorization: Bearer INSERT_YOUR_TOKEN_HERE'
```
```js filename="Javascript" copy
const url = 'https://api.artifactsmmo.com/my/bank';
const options = {
  method: 'GET',
  headers: {
    'Accept': 'application/json',
    'Authorization': 'Bearer INSERT_YOUR_TOKEN_HERE'
  }
};

try {
  const response = await fetch(url, options);
  const data = await response.json();
  console.log(data);
} catch (error) {
  console.error(error);
}
```
[View the API Reference](https://api.artifactsmmo.com/docs/#/operations/get_bank_details_my_bank_get)

### Deposit/withdraw item

To deposit or withdraw items, you must be on a map containing a bank.

- You can deposit or withdraw up to **20 different items at once** per request.
- The **cooldown** is **3 seconds per different item** deposited or withdrawn.

You can use this POST request to **withdraw items**:

```http filename="cURL" copy
curl --request POST \
  --url https://api.artifactsmmo.com/my/{name}/action/bank/withdraw/item \
  --header 'Accept: application/json' \
  --header 'Authorization: Bearer INSERT_YOUR_TOKEN_HERE' \
  --header 'Content-Type: application/json' \
  --data '[
    { "code": "string", "quantity": 1 },
    { "code": "another_item", "quantity": 2 }
]'
```
```js filename="Javascript" copy
const url = 'https://api.artifactsmmo.com/my/{name}/action/bank/withdraw/item';
const options = {
  method: 'POST',
  headers: {
    'Content-Type': 'application/json',
    Accept: 'application/json',
    Authorization: 'Bearer INSERT_YOUR_TOKEN_HERE'
  },
  body: JSON.stringify([
    { code: "string", quantity: 1 },
    { code: "another_item", quantity: 2 }
  ])
};

try {
  const response = await fetch(url, options);
  const data = await response.json();
  console.log(data);
} catch (error) {
  console.error(error);
}
```

| Field | Description |
|---|---|
| `code` | The item code to withdraw. |
| `quantity` | Number of items to withdraw. |

The body is an array of items (1–20 items per request).

[View the API Reference](https://api.artifactsmmo.com/docs/#/operations/action_withdraw_bank_item_my__name__action_bank_withdraw_item_post)

You can use this POST request to **deposit items**:

```http filename="cURL" copy
curl --request POST \
  --url https://api.artifactsmmo.com/my/{name}/action/bank/deposit/item \
  --header 'Accept: application/json' \
  --header 'Authorization: Bearer INSERT_YOUR_TOKEN_HERE' \
  --header 'Content-Type: application/json' \
  --data '[
    { "code": "string", "quantity": 1 },
    { "code": "another_item", "quantity": 2 }
]'
```
```js filename="Javascript" copy
const url = 'https://api.artifactsmmo.com/my/{name}/action/bank/deposit/item';
const options = {
  method: 'POST',
  headers: {
    'Content-Type': 'application/json',
    Accept: 'application/json',
    Authorization: 'Bearer INSERT_YOUR_TOKEN_HERE'
  },
  body: JSON.stringify([
    { code: "string", quantity: 1 },
    { code: "another_item", quantity: 2 }
  ])
};

try {
  const response = await fetch(url, options);
  const data = await response.json();
  console.log(data);
} catch (error) {
  console.error(error);
}
```

| Field | Description |
|---|---|
| `code` | The item code to deposit. |
| `quantity` | Number of items to deposit. |

The body is an array of items (1–20 items per request).

[View the API Reference](https://api.artifactsmmo.com/docs/#/operations/action_deposit_bank_item_my__name__action_bank_deposit_item_post)


### Deposit/withdraw gold

To deposit or withdraw gold, you must be on a map containing a bank.

- You can deposit or withdraw **any amount of gold** per request, as long as you have the gold available.
- The **cooldown** is **always 3 seconds** per deposit or withdrawal of gold, regardless of the amount.

You can use this POST request to **withdraw gold**:

```http filename="cURL" copy
curl --request POST \
  --url https://api.artifactsmmo.com/my/{name}/action/bank/withdraw/gold \
  --header 'Accept: application/json' \
  --header 'Authorization: Bearer INSERT_YOUR_TOKEN_HERE' \
  --header 'Content-Type: application/json' \
  --data '{
  "quantity": 1
}'
```
```js filename="Javascript" copy
const url = 'https://api.artifactsmmo.com/my/{name}/action/bank/withdraw/gold';
const options = {
  method: 'POST',
  headers: {
    'Content-Type': 'application/json',
    Accept: 'application/json',
    Authorization: 'Bearer INSERT_YOUR_TOKEN_HERE'
  },
  body: '{"quantity":1}'
};

try {
  const response = await fetch(url, options);
  const data = await response.json();
  console.log(data);
} catch (error) {
  console.error(error);
}
```

| Field | Description |
|---|---|
| `quantity` | Amount of gold to withdraw. |

[View the API Reference](https://api.artifactsmmo.com/docs/#/operations/action_withdraw_bank_gold_my__name__action_bank_withdraw_gold_post)

You can use this POST request to **deposit gold**:

```http filename="cURL" copy
curl --request POST \
  --url https://api.artifactsmmo.com/my/{name}/action/bank/deposit/gold \
  --header 'Accept: application/json' \
  --header 'Authorization: Bearer INSERT_YOUR_TOKEN_HERE' \
  --header 'Content-Type: application/json' \
  --data '{
  "quantity": 1
}'
```
```js filename="Javascript" copy
const url = 'https://api.artifactsmmo.com/my/{name}/action/bank/deposit/gold';
const options = {
  method: 'POST',
  headers: {
    'Content-Type': 'application/json',
    Accept: 'application/json',
    Authorization: 'Bearer INSERT_YOUR_TOKEN_HERE'
  },
  body: '{"quantity":1}'
};

try {
  const response = await fetch(url, options);
  const data = await response.json();
  console.log(data);
} catch (error) {
  console.error(error);
}
```

| Field | Description |
|---|---|
| `quantity` | Amount of gold to deposit. |

[View the API Reference](https://api.artifactsmmo.com/docs/#/operations/action_deposit_bank_gold_my__name__action_bank_deposit_gold_post)

### Buy expansion

To buy an expansion, you need to be on a map containing a bank. It costs 4,500 gold for 20 slots, and the price increases (x2) with each expansion purchased.

You can use this POST request to buy an expansion:

```http filename="cURL" copy
curl --request POST \
  --url https://api.artifactsmmo.com/my/{name}/action/bank/buy_expansion \
  --header 'Accept: application/json' \
  --header 'Authorization: Bearer INSERT_YOUR_TOKEN_HERE' \
  --header 'Content-Type: application/json' \
```
```js filename="Javascript" copy
const url = 'https://api.artifactsmmo.com/my/{name}/action/bank/buy_expansion';
const options = {
  method: 'POST',
  headers: {
    'Content-Type': 'application/json',
    Accept: 'application/json',
    Authorization: 'Bearer INSERT_YOUR_TOKEN_HERE'
  }
};

try {
  const response = await fetch(url, options);
  const data = await response.json();
  console.log(data);
} catch (error) {
  console.error(error);
}
```
[View the API Reference](https://api.artifactsmmo.com/docs/#/operations/action_buy_bank_expansion_my__name__action_bank_buy_expansion_post)
