pages/concepts/maps_and_movement.mdx, before:

# Maps

The world is a 2D grid addressed by integer coordinates **(x, y)** on a given **layer**:

| Layer        | Enum value     | Content                        |
|--------------|----------------|--------------------------------------|
| Overworld    | `overworld`    | Main surface maps  |
| Underground  | `underground`  | Mines, caves     |
| Interior     | `interior`     | Houses, dungeons |

![Maps](https://artifactsmmo.com/images/docs/map.png)
 
Every map is uniquely identified by:
- Its tuple: `(layer, x, y)`
- Or its numeric `map_id` 

Retrieve maps with:
- All maps: [GET `/maps`](https://api-test.artifactsmmo.com/docs/#/operations/get_all_maps_maps_get)
- Filter by layer: [GET `/maps/{layer}`](https://api-test.artifactsmmo.com/docs/#/operations/get_layer_maps_maps__layer__get)
- By coordinates: [GET `/maps/{layer}/{x}/{y}`](https://api.artifactsmmo.com/docs/#/operations/get_map_by_position_maps__layer___x___y__get)
- By ID: [GET `/maps/{id}/(map_id}`](https://api.artifactsmmo.com/docs/#/operations/get_map_by_id_maps_id__map_id__get)

You can also view the list of maps [on our website](https://artifactsmmo.com/encyclopedia/maps).

---

## Content 

If something is present on a map tile, it will be listed under `interactions.content`.


**Example:**

```http filename="JSON" copy
{
    "data": {
        "map_id": 1231,
        "name": "Forest",
        "skin": "forest_3",
        "x": -5,
        "y": -5,
        "layer": "overworld",
        "access": {
            "type": "standard",
            "conditions": []
        },
        "interactions": {
            "content": {
                "type": "monster",
                "code": "red_slime"
            },
            "transition": null
        }
    }
}
```

A map tile can contain different types of content, indicated by the `content.type` field. Here are the possible types you may encounter:

- `monster`: A monster is present on the tile. [See all monsters](https://artifactsmmo.com/encyclopedia/monsters)
- `resource`: A resource node is available. [See all resources](https://artifactsmmo.com/encyclopedia/resources)
- `workshop`: A workshop for crafting items. [See all workshops and crafts](https://artifactsmmo.com/encyclopedia/items)
- `bank`: Access to a bank.
- `grand_exchange`: Access to the grand exchange.
- `tasks_master`: A tasks master NPC is present.
- `npc`: A trader/seller NPC is present.


---


## Transition

A transition represents a way to move instantly from one map tile to another, such as through a door, staircase, portal, or similar mechanism. Transitions can connect different locations, including those on separate layers (e.g., from the overworld to an interior or underground area).

A map tile can define a `transition` under `interactions.transition`, specifying the destination and any conditions required to use it.

**Example:**
```http filename="JSON" copy
{
  "map_id": 572,
  "name": "Underground",
  "skin": "mine_1",
  "x": -2,
  "y": 6,
  "layer": "underground",
  "access": {
    "type": "standard",
    "conditions": []
  },
  "interactions": {
    "transition": {
      "map_id": 571,
      "x": -2,
      "y": 6,
      "layer": "overworld",
      "conditions": []
    }
  }
}
```

---

## Access Types & Conditions

Not every map is freely traversable. The field `access.type` can be:

| Type | Description |
| ---- | ----------- |
| `standard` | Freely accessible. |
| `blocked` | Not walkable (void, obstacle, mountain, water, etc.). |
| `teleportation` | Only reachable via teleport effects (e.g. consumable). |
| `conditional` | Requires all listed conditions to be satisfied. |

Conditions may appear in:
- `access.conditions` (to step onto / remain on a tile)
- `interactions.transition.conditions` (to use a portal / door / stairs)

### Global condition operators

The generic operators used for items also work on maps. It can use any character variable as the `code` in a condition. For example, it may require a minimum level, a specific skill level, or any other attribute available on the character.
| Operator | Meaning |
|----------|---------|
| `eq` | Equal to |
| `ne` | Not equal |
| `gt` | Greater than |
| `lt` | Less than |


#### Examples

> The examples use fictional maps created to help illustrate how conditions work.

Here is an example where you must have less than 1000 HP to use a transition.

```http filename="JSON" copy

{
  "data": {
    "map_id": 1231,
    "name": "Sandwhisper Isle",
    "skin": "desertisland_10",
    "x": -3,
    "y": 19,
    "layer": "overworld",
    "access": {
      "type": "standard",
      "conditions": []
    },
    "interactions": {
      "content": null,
      "transition": {
        "map_id": 1233,
        "x": -3,
        "y": 19,
        "layer": "interior",
        "conditions": [
          {
            "code": "hp",
            "operator": "lt",
            "value": "1000"
          }
        ]
      }
    }
  }
}
```

Here is an example where you must have woodcutting level 30 or higher to enter a map.

```http filename="JSON" copy

{
  "data": {
    "map_id": 3012,
    "name": "Forest",
    "skin": "forest_3",
    "x": 10,
    "y": 10,
    "layer": "overworld",
    "access": {
      "type": "standard",
      "conditions": [
        {
          "code": "woodcutting_level",
          "operator": "gt",
          "value": "30"
        }
      ]
    },
    "interactions": {
      "content": {
        "type": "resource",
        "code": "magic_tree"
      },
      "transition": null
    }
  }
}

```

### Maps condition operators
The following operators are specific to the map system. They can be used on access and transition conditions:

| Operator | Meaning | Consumed? | Notes |
| -------- | ------- | --------- | ----- |
| `has_item` | You must possess (inventory or equipped) the specified item `code` | No | |
| `cost` | You must pay an item or gold | Yes | `code` = item (or `gold`), `value` = quantity. |
| `achievement_unlocked` | Specific achievement must be completed | N/A | `code` = achievement identifier. |


#### Examples

> The examples use fictional maps created to help illustrate how conditions work.

Here is an example of a map where you must pay an item to use the transition. On successful transition, one `lich_tomb_key` is consumed.

```http filename="JSON" copy
{
  "map_id": 655,
  "name": "Graveyard",
  "skin": "forest_skeleton5",
  "x": 9,
  "y": 7,
  "layer": "overworld",
  "access": {
    "type": "standard",
    "conditions": []
  },
  "interactions": {
    "transition": {
      "map_id": 656,
      "x": 9,
      "y": 7,
      "layer": "underground",
      "conditions": [
        {
          "code": "lich_tomb_key",
          "operator": "cost",
          "value": "1"
        }
      ]
    }
  }
}
```

Here is an example of a map where you must have completed an achievement to access it.

```http filename="JSON" copy
{
  "map_id": 1234,
  "name": "Sandwhisper Isle",
  "skin": "desertisland_11",
  "x": -2,
  "y": 19,
  "layer": "overworld",
  "access": {
    "type": "standard",
    "conditions": [
      {
        "code": "secure_the_island",
        "operator": "achievement_unlocked",
        "value": "1"
      }
    ]
  },
  "interactions": {
    "content": {
      "type": "bank",
      "code": "bank"
    }
  }
}
```

Here is an example where you must have an item either in your inventory or equipped to use the transition.

```http filename="JSON" copy
{
  "map_id": 934,
  "name": "Forest",
  "skin": "forest_house1",
  "x": 0,
  "y": 13,
  "layer": "overworld",
  "access": {
    "type": "standard",
    "conditions": []
  },
  "interactions": {
    "content": null,
    "transition": {
      "map_id": 935,
      "x": 0,
      "y": 13,
      "layer": "interior",
      "conditions": [
        {
          "code": "cultist_cloak",
          "operator": "has_item",
          "value": "1"
        }
      ]
    }
  }
}
```
---

## Actions

### Move

To do most of the actions in the game, you'll need to move on the map.
The move cooldown is currently fixed at 5 seconds per map. 

**Endpoint:** `POST /my/{name}/action/move`

You must supply either:
- Coordinates: `{ "x": <int>, "y": <int> }`
- Or a direct `{ "map_id": <int> }`

Here's an example of an API request to move your character.

```http filename="cURL" copy
curl --location -g --request POST 'https://api.artifactsmmo.com/my/INSERT_CHARACTER_NAME/action/move' \
--header 'Accept: application/json' \
--header 'Content-Type: application/json' \
--header 'Authorization: Bearer INSERT_TOKEN_HERE' \
--data-raw '{
  "x": 4,
  "y": -1
  // OR
  // "map_id": 101
}'
```
```js filename="Javascript" copy
var myHeaders = new Headers();
myHeaders.append("Accept", "application/json");
myHeaders.append("Content-Type", "application/json");
myHeaders.append("Authorization", "Bearer INSERT_TOKEN_HERE");

var raw = JSON.stringify({
   "x": 4,
   "y": -1
    // OR
    // "map_id": 101
});

var requestOptions = {
   method: 'POST',
   headers: myHeaders,
   body: raw,
   redirect: 'follow'
};

fetch("https://api.artifactsmmo.com/my/INSERT_CHARACTER_NAME/action/move", requestOptions)
   .then(response => response.text())
   .then(result => console.log(result))
   .catch(error => console.log('error', error));
```

[View API Request](https://api.artifactsmmo.com/docs/#/operations/action_move_my__name__action_move_post)


### Transition

The other way to move in the game is to use transitions present on a map. A transition represents doors, stairs, boats, etc. It allows you to teleport from one tile to another, either on the same layer or to a different layer. A transition always has a cooldown of 5 seconds.

**Endpoint:** `POST /my/{name}/action/transition`

Here is an example of an API request to use a transition.

```http filename="cURL" copy
curl --location --request POST 'https://api.artifactsmmo.com/my/INSERT_CHARACTER_NAME/action/transition' \
--header 'Accept: application/json' \
--header 'Content-Type: application/json' \
--header 'Authorization: Bearer INSERT_TOKEN_HERE'
```
```js filename="Javascript" copy
var myHeaders = new Headers();
myHeaders.append("Accept", "application/json");
myHeaders.append("Content-Type", "application/json");
myHeaders.append("Authorization", "Bearer INSERT_TOKEN_HERE");
 
var requestOptions = {
   method: 'POST',
   headers: myHeaders,
   redirect: 'follow'
};
 
fetch("https://api.artifactsmmo.com/my/INSERT_CHARACTER_NAME/action/transition", requestOptions)
   .then(response => response.text())
   .then(result => console.log(result))
   .catch(error => console.log('error', error));
```

[View API Request](https://api.artifactsmmo.com/docs/#/operations/action_transition_my__name__action_transition_post)

Commit message:

Revise movement and transition descriptions

pages/concepts/maps_and_movement.mdx, after:

# Maps

The world is a 2D grid addressed by integer coordinates **(x, y)** on a given **layer**:

| Layer        | Enum value     | Content                        |
|--------------|----------------|--------------------------------------|
| Overworld    | `overworld`    | Main surface maps  |
| Underground  | `underground`  | Mines, caves     |
| Interior     | `interior`     | Houses, dungeons |

![Maps](https://artifactsmmo.com/images/docs/map.png)
 
Every map is uniquely identified by:
- Its tuple: `(layer, x, y)`
- Or its numeric `map_id` 

Retrieve maps with:
- All maps: [GET `/maps`](https://api-test.artifactsmmo.com/docs/#/operations/get_all_maps_maps_get)
- Filter by layer: [GET `/maps/{layer}`](https://api-test.artifactsmmo.com/docs/#/operations/get_layer_maps_maps__layer__get)
- By coordinates: [GET `/maps/{layer}/{x}/{y}`](https://api.artifactsmmo.com/docs/#/operations/get_map_by_position_maps__layer___x___y__get)
- By ID: [GET `/maps/{id}/(map_id}`](https://api.artifactsmmo.com/docs/#/operations/get_map_by_id_maps_id__map_id__get)

You can also view the list of maps [on our website](https://artifactsmmo.com/encyclopedia/maps).

---

## Content 

If something is present on a map tile, it will be listed under `interactions.content`.


**Example:**

```http filename="JSON" copy
{
    "data": {
        "map_id": 1231,
        "name": "Forest",
        "skin": "forest_3",
        "x": -5,
        "y": -5,
        "layer": "overworld",
        "access": {
            "type": "standard",
            "conditions": []
        },
        "interactions": {
            "content": {
                "type": "monster",
                "code": "red_slime"
            },
            "transition": null
        }
    }
}
```

A map tile can contain different types of content, indicated by the `content.type` field. Here are the possible types you may encounter:

- `monster`: A monster is present on the tile. [See all monsters](https://artifactsmmo.com/encyclopedia/monsters)
- `resource`: A resource node is available. [See all resources](https://artifactsmmo.com/encyclopedia/resources)
- `workshop`: A workshop for crafting items. [See all workshops and crafts](https://artifactsmmo.com/encyclopedia/items)
- `bank`: Access to a bank.
- `grand_exchange`: Access to the grand exchange.
- `tasks_master`: A tasks master NPC is present.
- `npc`: A trader/seller NPC is present.


---


## Transition

A transition represents a way to move instantly from one map tile to another, such as through a door, staircase, portal, or similar mechanism. Transitions can connect different locations, including those on separate layers (e.g., from the overworld to an interior or underground area).

A map tile can define a `transition` under `interactions.transition`, specifying the destination and any conditions required to use it.

**Example:**
```http filename="JSON" copy
{
  "map_id": 572,
  "name": "Underground",
  "skin": "mine_1",
  "x": -2,
  "y": 6,
  "layer": "underground",
  "access": {
    "type": "standard",
    "conditions": []
  },
  "interactions": {
    "transition": {
      "map_id": 571,
      "x": -2,
      "y": 6,
      "layer": "overworld",
      "conditions": []
    }
  }
}
```

---

## Access Types & Conditions

Not every map is freely traversable. The field `access.type` can be:

| Type | Description |
| ---- | ----------- |
| `standard` | Freely accessible. |
| `blocked` | Not walkable (void, obstacle, mountain, water, etc.). |
| `teleportation` | Only reachable via teleport effects (e.g. consumable). |
| `conditional` | Requires all listed conditions to be satisfied. |

Conditions may appear in:
- `access.conditions` (to step onto / remain on a tile)
- `interactions.transition.conditions` (to use a portal / door / stairs)

### Global condition operators

The generic operators used for items also work on maps. It can use any character variable as the `code` in a condition. For example, it may require a minimum level, a specific skill level, or any other attribute available on the character.
| Operator | Meaning |
|----------|---------|
| `eq` | Equal to |
| `ne` | Not equal |
| `gt` | Greater than |
| `lt` | Less than |


#### Examples

> The examples use fictional maps created to help illustrate how conditions work.

Here is an example where you must have less than 1000 HP to use a transition.

```http filename="JSON" copy

{
  "data": {
    "map_id": 1231,
    "name": "Sandwhisper Isle",
    "skin": "desertisland_10",
    "x": -3,
    "y": 19,
    "layer": "overworld",
    "access": {
      "type": "standard",
      "conditions": []
    },
    "interactions": {
      "content": null,
      "transition": {
        "map_id": 1233,
        "x": -3,
        "y": 19,
        "layer": "interior",
        "conditions": [
          {
            "code": "hp",
            "operator": "lt",
            "value": "1000"
          }
        ]
      }
    }
  }
}
```

Here is an example where you must have woodcutting level 30 or higher to enter a map.

```http filename="JSON" copy

{
  "data": {
    "map_id": 3012,
    "name": "Forest",
    "skin": "forest_3",
    "x": 10,
    "y": 10,
    "layer": "overworld",
    "access": {
      "type": "standard",
      "conditions": [
        {
          "code": "woodcutting_level",
          "operator": "gt",
          "value": "30"
        }
      ]
    },
    "interactions": {
      "content": {
        "type": "resource",
        "code": "magic_tree"
      },
      "transition": null
    }
  }
}

```

### Maps condition operators
The following operators are specific to the map system. They can be used on access and transition conditions:

| Operator | Meaning | Consumed? | Notes |
| -------- | ------- | --------- | ----- |
| `has_item` | You must possess (inventory or equipped) the specified item `code` | No | |
| `cost` | You must pay an item or gold | Yes | `code` = item (or `gold`), `value` = quantity. |
| `achievement_unlocked` | Specific achievement must be completed | N/A | `code` = achievement identifier. |


#### Examples

> The examples use fictional maps created to help illustrate how conditions work.

Here is an example of a map where you must pay an item to use the transition. On successful transition, one `lich_tomb_key` is consumed.

```http filename="JSON" copy
{
  "map_id": 655,
  "name": "Graveyard",
  "skin": "forest_skeleton5",
  "x": 9,
  "y": 7,
  "layer": "overworld",
  "access": {
    "type": "standard",
    "conditions": []
  },
  "interactions": {
    "transition": {
      "map_id": 656,
      "x": 9,
      "y": 7,
      "layer": "underground",
      "conditions": [
        {
          "code": "lich_tomb_key",
          "operator": "cost",
          "value": "1"
        }
      ]
    }
  }
}
```

Here is an example of a map where you must have completed an achievement to access it.

```http filename="JSON" copy
{
  "map_id": 1234,
  "name": "Sandwhisper Isle",
  "skin": "desertisland_11",
  "x": -2,
  "y": 19,
  "layer": "overworld",
  "access": {
    "type": "standard",
    "conditions": [
      {
        "code": "secure_the_island",
        "operator": "achievement_unlocked",
        "value": "1"
      }
    ]
  },
  "interactions": {
    "content": {
      "type": "bank",
      "code": "bank"
    }
  }
}
```

Here is an example where you must have an item either in your inventory or equipped to use the transition.

```http filename="JSON" copy
{
  "map_id": 934,
  "name": "Forest",
  "skin": "forest_house1",
  "x": 0,
  "y": 13,
  "layer": "overworld",
  "access": {
    "type": "standard",
    "conditions": []
  },
  "interactions": {
    "content": null,
    "transition": {
      "map_id": 935,
      "x": 0,
      "y": 13,
      "layer": "interior",
      "conditions": [
        {
          "code": "cultist_cloak",
          "operator": "has_item",
          "value": "1"
        }
      ]
    }
  }
}
```
---

## Actions

### Move

The movement system uses A* pathfinding to find the shortest path, bypassing blocked maps. The cooldown is 5 seconds per map.

**Endpoint:** `POST /my/{name}/action/move`

You must supply either:
- Coordinates: `{ "x": <int>, "y": <int> }`
- Or a direct `{ "map_id": <int> }`

Here's an example of an API request to move your character.

```http filename="cURL" copy
curl --location -g --request POST 'https://api.artifactsmmo.com/my/INSERT_CHARACTER_NAME/action/move' \
--header 'Accept: application/json' \
--header 'Content-Type: application/json' \
--header 'Authorization: Bearer INSERT_TOKEN_HERE' \
--data-raw '{
  "x": 4,
  "y": -1
  // OR
  // "map_id": 101
}'
```
```js filename="Javascript" copy
var myHeaders = new Headers();
myHeaders.append("Accept", "application/json");
myHeaders.append("Content-Type", "application/json");
myHeaders.append("Authorization", "Bearer INSERT_TOKEN_HERE");

var raw = JSON.stringify({
   "x": 4,
   "y": -1
    // OR
    // "map_id": 101
});

var requestOptions = {
   method: 'POST',
   headers: myHeaders,
   body: raw,
   redirect: 'follow'
};

fetch("https://api.artifactsmmo.com/my/INSERT_CHARACTER_NAME/action/move", requestOptions)
   .then(response => response.text())
   .then(result => console.log(result))
   .catch(error => console.log('error', error));
```

[View API Request](https://api.artifactsmmo.com/docs/#/operations/action_move_my__name__action_move_post)


### Transition

If no path is possible using move, it is very likely that a transition is necessary to reach the map. A transition represents doors, stairs, boats, etc. It allows you to teleport from one tile to another, either on the same layer or to a different layer. A transition always has a cooldown of 5 seconds.

**Endpoint:** `POST /my/{name}/action/transition`

Here is an example of an API request to use a transition.

```http filename="cURL" copy
curl --location --request POST 'https://api.artifactsmmo.com/my/INSERT_CHARACTER_NAME/action/transition' \
--header 'Accept: application/json' \
--header 'Content-Type: application/json' \
--header 'Authorization: Bearer INSERT_TOKEN_HERE'
```
```js filename="Javascript" copy
var myHeaders = new Headers();
myHeaders.append("Accept", "application/json");
myHeaders.append("Content-Type", "application/json");
myHeaders.append("Authorization", "Bearer INSERT_TOKEN_HERE");
 
var requestOptions = {
   method: 'POST',
   headers: myHeaders,
   redirect: 'follow'
};
 
fetch("https://api.artifactsmmo.com/my/INSERT_CHARACTER_NAME/action/transition", requestOptions)
   .then(response => response.text())
   .then(result => console.log(result))
   .catch(error => console.log('error', error));
```

[View API Request](https://api.artifactsmmo.com/docs/#/operations/action_transition_my__name__action_transition_post)
