pages/concepts/npcs.mdx, before:

# NPCs 

NPCs are merchant or trader characters from whom you can buy, sell or trade items. Some are static, while others appear dynamically thanks to the event system. 

## List of NPCs

You can use this GET request to view the list of all existing NPCs.
  
```http filename="cURL" copy
curl --location --request GET 'https://api.artifactsmmo.com/npcs/details' \
--header 'Accept: application/json' \
--header 'Content-Type: application/json'
```
```js filename="Javascript" copy
var myHeaders = new Headers();
myHeaders.append("Accept", "application/json");
myHeaders.append("Content-Type", "application/json");

var requestOptions = {
   method: 'GET',
   headers: myHeaders,
   redirect: 'follow'
}; 
 
fetch("https://api.artifactsmmo.com/npcs/details", requestOptions)



   .then(response => response.text())
   .then(result => console.log(result))
   .catch(error => console.log('error', error));
```
[View the API Reference](https://api.artifactsmmo.com/docs/#/operations/get_all_npcs_npcs_details_get)

## Buying/selling/trading items

When viewing the items on an NPC, if the `currency` field shows anything other than `gold`, it will display the code of the item you need to trade to the NPC.

You can use this GET request to view the list of items that npc sells/buys/trades. 

```http filename="cURL" copy
curl --request GET \
  --url https://api.artifactsmmo.com/npcs/items/{npc_code} \
  --header 'Accept: application/json'
```
```js filename="Javascript" copy
const url = 'https://api.artifactsmmo.com/npcs/items/{npc_code}';
const options = {method: 'GET', headers: {Accept: 'application/json'}};

try {
  const response = await fetch(url, options);
  const data = await response.json();
  console.log(data);
} catch (error) {
  console.error(error);
}
```

[View the API Reference](https://api.artifactsmmo.com/docs/#/operations/get_npc_items_npcs_items__code__get)

## Actions

To buy or sell an item, you must be on a map with an NPC. [To learn more about the map, click here.](https://docs.artifactsmmo.com/concepts/maps_and_movement)

You can use this POST request to buy an item.

```http filename="cURL" copy
curl --request POST \
  --url https://api.artifactsmmo.com/my/{name}/action/npc/buy \
  --header 'Accept: application/json' \
  --header 'Authorization: Bearer INSERT_YOUR_TOKEN_HERE' \
  --header 'Content-Type: application/json' \
  --data '{
  "code": "string",
  "quantity": 1
}'
```
```js filename="Javascript" copy
const url = 'https://api.artifactsmmo.com/my/{name}/action/npc/buy';
const options = {
  method: 'POST',
  headers: {
    'Content-Type': 'application/json',
    Accept: 'application/json',
    Authorization: 'Bearer INSERT_YOUR_TOKEN_HERE'
  },
    body: '{"code":"string","quantity":1}'

};
  
try {
  const response = await fetch(url, options);
  const data = await response.json();
  console.log(data);
} catch (error) {
  console.error(error);
}
```
[View the API Reference](https://api.artifactsmmo.com/docs/#/operations/action_npc_buy_item_my__name__action_npc_buy_post)

You can use this POST request to sell an item.

```http filename="cURL" copy
curl --request POST \
  --url https://api.artifactsmmo.com/my/{name}/action/npc/sell \
  --header 'Accept: application/json' \
  --header 'Authorization: Bearer INSERT_YOUR_TOKEN_HERE' \
  --header 'Content-Type: application/json' \
  --data '{
  "code": "string",
  "quantity": 1
}'
```
```js filename="Javascript" copy
const url = 'https://api.artifactsmmo.com/my/{name}/action/npc/sell';
const options = {
  method: 'POST',
  headers: {
    'Content-Type': 'application/json',
    Accept: 'application/json',
    Authorization: 'Bearer INSERT_YOUR_TOKEN_HERE'
  },
    body: '{"code":"string","quantity":1}'

};
  
try {
  const response = await fetch(url, options);
  const data = await response.json();
  console.log(data);
} catch (error) {
  console.error(error);
}
```
[View the API Reference](https://api.artifactsmmo.com/docs/#/operations/action_npc_buy_item_my__name__action_npc_buy_post)

Commit message:

Docs: add pending items & update concepts
Add a new Pending Items concept page and update multiple concept docs for clarity and new Grand Exchange features.

Key changes:
- Add pages/concepts/pending_items.mdx and register it in _meta.json.
- Achievements: add rewards/items, multi-objective format, API note and callout about pending items.
- Actions: add links for claim pending item, change skin, and GE buy/fill endpoints.
- Events: clarify content, fixed links, add spawn/duration/rate fields and improved API examples for listing and active events.
- Grand Exchange: expand docs with browse, sell orders, buy orders, create/fill/cancel flows, examples, limits and behavior (100 order limit, buy-order escrow, pending items delivery).
- Inventory/Bank: update bank expansion cost (4500 -> 4000 gold).
- Maps/Movement: fix API host links and clarify coordinate/map_id usage and layer notes.
- NPCs: add NPC types, item fields table and link to events system.
- Recycling: clarify returned resources formula, batch recycling, cooldown, and updated examples.
- Resting/Using Items: normalize teleport entry.
- Skills: note that some crafts produce multiple items via craft.quantity.
- Stats/Fights: add monster types, format fixes for abilities, note on boss multi-character fights and rewards.
- Tasks: add task types, rewards-by-level table, and rework tasks list section.
- WebSockets: add GE buy/buy-order events and pending_item_received websocket event.

These updates improve API examples, clarify mechanics and document new/pending item flows so users can integrate with the game systems reliably.

pages/concepts/npcs.mdx, after:

# NPCs 

NPCs are merchant or trader characters from whom you can buy, sell or trade items. Some are static, while others appear dynamically thanks to the [event system](/concepts/events). 

## NPC Types

| Type | Description |
|------|-------------|
| `merchant` | Buys and sells items for gold. |
| `trader` | Trades items for other items (currency is an item code instead of gold). |

When viewing the items on an NPC, if the `currency` field shows anything other than `gold`, it will display the code of the item you need to trade to the NPC.

## List of NPCs

You can use this GET request to view the list of all existing NPCs.
  
```http filename="cURL" copy
curl --location --request GET 'https://api.artifactsmmo.com/npcs/details' \
--header 'Accept: application/json' \
--header 'Content-Type: application/json'
```
```js filename="Javascript" copy
var myHeaders = new Headers();
myHeaders.append("Accept", "application/json");
myHeaders.append("Content-Type", "application/json");

var requestOptions = {
   method: 'GET',
   headers: myHeaders,
   redirect: 'follow'
}; 
 
fetch("https://api.artifactsmmo.com/npcs/details", requestOptions)



   .then(response => response.text())
   .then(result => console.log(result))
   .catch(error => console.log('error', error));
```
[View the API Reference](https://api.artifactsmmo.com/docs/#/operations/get_all_npcs_npcs_details_get)

## Buying/selling/trading items

You can use this GET request to view the list of items that an NPC sells/buys/trades.

```http filename="cURL" copy
curl --request GET \
  --url https://api.artifactsmmo.com/npcs/items/{npc_code} \
  --header 'Accept: application/json'
```
```js filename="Javascript" copy
const url = 'https://api.artifactsmmo.com/npcs/items/{npc_code}';
const options = {method: 'GET', headers: {Accept: 'application/json'}};

try {
  const response = await fetch(url, options);
  const data = await response.json();
  console.log(data);
} catch (error) {
  console.error(error);
}
```

Each item entry contains:

| Field | Description |
|---|---|
| `code` | Item code. |
| `npc` | NPC code. |
| `currency` | Currency used: `gold` or an item code for trades. |
| `buy_price` | Price to buy from the NPC (null if the NPC doesn't sell this item). |
| `sell_price` | Price the NPC pays when you sell (null if the NPC doesn't buy this item). |

[View the API Reference](https://api.artifactsmmo.com/docs/#/operations/get_npc_items_npcs_items__code__get)

## Actions

To buy or sell an item, you must be on a map with an NPC. [To learn more about the map, click here.](https://docs.artifactsmmo.com/concepts/maps_and_movement)

You can use this POST request to buy an item.

```http filename="cURL" copy
curl --request POST \
  --url https://api.artifactsmmo.com/my/{name}/action/npc/buy \
  --header 'Accept: application/json' \
  --header 'Authorization: Bearer INSERT_YOUR_TOKEN_HERE' \
  --header 'Content-Type: application/json' \
  --data '{
  "code": "string",
  "quantity": 1
}'
```
```js filename="Javascript" copy
const url = 'https://api.artifactsmmo.com/my/{name}/action/npc/buy';
const options = {
  method: 'POST',
  headers: {
    'Content-Type': 'application/json',
    Accept: 'application/json',
    Authorization: 'Bearer INSERT_YOUR_TOKEN_HERE'
  },
    body: '{"code":"string","quantity":1}'

};
  
try {
  const response = await fetch(url, options);
  const data = await response.json();
  console.log(data);
} catch (error) {
  console.error(error);
}
```
[View the API Reference](https://api.artifactsmmo.com/docs/#/operations/action_npc_buy_item_my__name__action_npc_buy_post)

You can use this POST request to sell an item.

```http filename="cURL" copy
curl --request POST \
  --url https://api.artifactsmmo.com/my/{name}/action/npc/sell \
  --header 'Accept: application/json' \
  --header 'Authorization: Bearer INSERT_YOUR_TOKEN_HERE' \
  --header 'Content-Type: application/json' \
  --data '{
  "code": "string",
  "quantity": 1
}'
```
```js filename="Javascript" copy
const url = 'https://api.artifactsmmo.com/my/{name}/action/npc/sell';
const options = {
  method: 'POST',
  headers: {
    'Content-Type': 'application/json',
    Accept: 'application/json',
    Authorization: 'Bearer INSERT_YOUR_TOKEN_HERE'
  },
    body: '{"code":"string","quantity":1}'

};
  
try {
  const response = await fetch(url, options);
  const data = await response.json();
  console.log(data);
} catch (error) {
  console.error(error);
}
```
[View the API Reference](https://api.artifactsmmo.com/docs/#/operations/action_npc_buy_item_my__name__action_npc_buy_post)
