pages/concepts/recycling.mdx, before:

# Recycling 

Recycling allows you to recycle your weapons and equipment at weaponcrafting, gearcrafting and jewelrycrafting workshops.

This lets you get back some of the item's resources. The minimum is resource  per recycled item, chosen at random from all the items in the craft.

You can recycle an item using this POST request.

  
```http filename="cURL" copy
curl --request POST \
  --url https://api.artifactsmmo.com/my/{name}/action/recycling \
  --header 'Accept: application/json' \
  --header 'Authorization: Bearer INSERT_YOUR_TOKEN_HERE' \
  --header 'Content-Type: application/json' \
  --data '{
  "code": "string",
  "quantity": 1
}'
```
```js filename="Javascript" copy
const url = 'https://api.artifactsmmo.com/my/{name}/action/recycling';
const options = {
  method: 'POST',
  headers: {
    'Content-Type': 'application/json',
    Accept: 'application/json',
    Authorization: 'Bearer INSERT_YOUR_TOKEN_HERE'
  },
    body: '{"code":"string","quantity":1}'

};
  
try {
  const response = await fetch(url, options);
  const data = await response.json();
  console.log(data);
} catch (error) {
  console.error(error);
}
```
[View the API Reference](https://api.artifactsmmo.com/docs/#/operations/action_recycling_my__name__action_recycling_post)

Commit message:

Docs: add pending items & update concepts
Add a new Pending Items concept page and update multiple concept docs for clarity and new Grand Exchange features.

Key changes:
- Add pages/concepts/pending_items.mdx and register it in _meta.json.
- Achievements: add rewards/items, multi-objective format, API note and callout about pending items.
- Actions: add links for claim pending item, change skin, and GE buy/fill endpoints.
- Events: clarify content, fixed links, add spawn/duration/rate fields and improved API examples for listing and active events.
- Grand Exchange: expand docs with browse, sell orders, buy orders, create/fill/cancel flows, examples, limits and behavior (100 order limit, buy-order escrow, pending items delivery).
- Inventory/Bank: update bank expansion cost (4500 -> 4000 gold).
- Maps/Movement: fix API host links and clarify coordinate/map_id usage and layer notes.
- NPCs: add NPC types, item fields table and link to events system.
- Recycling: clarify returned resources formula, batch recycling, cooldown, and updated examples.
- Resting/Using Items: normalize teleport entry.
- Skills: note that some crafts produce multiple items via craft.quantity.
- Stats/Fights: add monster types, format fixes for abilities, note on boss multi-character fights and rewards.
- Tasks: add task types, rewards-by-level table, and rework tasks list section.
- WebSockets: add GE buy/buy-order events and pending_item_received websocket event.

These updates improve API examples, clarify mechanics and document new/pending item flows so users can integrate with the game systems reliably.

pages/concepts/recycling.mdx, after:

# Recycling 

Recycling allows you to recycle your weapons and equipment at weaponcrafting, gearcrafting and jewelrycrafting workshops.

This lets you get back some of the item's crafting resources. The items returned are chosen at random from the craft recipe. The number of items you get back depends on the complexity of the craft recipe — specifically, `(total_items_in_recipe - 1) / 5 + 1` (rounded down), with a minimum of 1 resource per recycled item.

- No skill level is required to recycle — you can recycle any item regardless of your crafting level.
- You can recycle **multiple items** at once by specifying the `quantity` field.
- The cooldown is **3 seconds per item** recycled.

You can recycle an item using this POST request.

  
```http filename="cURL" copy
curl --request POST \
  --url https://api.artifactsmmo.com/my/{name}/action/recycling \
  --header 'Accept: application/json' \
  --header 'Authorization: Bearer INSERT_YOUR_TOKEN_HERE' \
  --header 'Content-Type: application/json' \
  --data '{
  "code": "iron_sword",
  "quantity": 5
}'
```
```js filename="Javascript" copy
const url = 'https://api.artifactsmmo.com/my/{name}/action/recycling';
const options = {
  method: 'POST',
  headers: {
    'Content-Type': 'application/json',
    Accept: 'application/json',
    Authorization: 'Bearer INSERT_YOUR_TOKEN_HERE'
  },
  body: JSON.stringify({ code: "iron_sword", quantity: 5 })
};
  
try {
  const response = await fetch(url, options);
  const data = await response.json();
  console.log(data);
} catch (error) {
  console.error(error);
}
```
[View the API Reference](https://api.artifactsmmo.com/docs/#/operations/action_recycling_my__name__action_recycling_post)
