pages/concepts/skills.mdx, before:

## Gathering  

Gathering skills allow you to gather resources on the map. Currently, 4 gathering skills are available: Woodcutting, Mining, Fishing and Alchemy.

You can see all the resources that can be gathered with this API request.
 
```http filename="cURL" copy
curl --location --request GET 'https://api.artifactsmmo.com/resources/?page=1&size=50' \
--header 'Accept: application/json' \
--header 'Content-Type: application/json'
```
```js filename="Javascript" copy
var myHeaders = new Headers();
myHeaders.append("Accept", "application/json");
myHeaders.append("Content-Type", "application/json");

var requestOptions = {
   method: 'GET',
   headers: myHeaders,
   redirect: 'follow'
};
 
fetch("https://api.artifactsmmo.com/resources/?page=1&size=50", requestOptions)
   .then(response => response.text())
   .then(result => console.log(result))
   .catch(error => console.log('error', error));
```

[View API Reference](https://api.artifactsmmo.com/docs/#/operations/get_all_resources_resources__get)

You then need to find a map that contains this resource. [To learn more about the map, click here.](/concepts/maps_and_movement)

When you're on a map containing a resource, if you have the necessary skill level, you can harvest it with this API request.

```http filename="cURL" copy
curl --location --request POST 'https://api.artifactsmmo.com/my/INSERT_CHARACTER_NAME/action/gathering' \
--header 'Accept: application/json' \
--header 'Content-Type: application/json' \
--header 'Authorization: Bearer INSERT_TOKEN_HERE'
```
```js filename="Javascript" copy
var myHeaders = new Headers();
myHeaders.append("Accept", "application/json");
myHeaders.append("Content-Type", "application/json");
myHeaders.append("Authorization", "Bearer INSERT_TOKEN_HERE");

var requestOptions = {
   method: 'POST',
   headers: myHeaders,
   redirect: 'follow'
};

fetch("https://api.artifactsmmo.com/my/INSERT_CHARACTER_NAME/action/gathering", requestOptions)
   .then(response => response.text())
   .then(result => console.log(result))
   .catch(error => console.log('error', error));
```

[View API Reference](https://api.artifactsmmo.com/docs/#/operations/action_gathering_my__name__action_gathering_post)

 
## Crafting

Crafting skills let you make all kinds of items.  You can craft with 7 skills: Weaponcrafting, Gearcrafting, Jewelrycrafting, Cooking, Mining, Woodcutting and Alchemy.

If you want to see all the crafts of a skill, you can use the Get Item request with the craft_skill parameter. Here's an example request:

```http filename="cURL" copy
curl --location --request GET 'https://api.artifactsmmo.com/items/?craft_skill=weaponcrafting' \
--header 'Accept: application/json' \
--header 'Content-Type: application/json'
```
```js filename="Javascript" copy
var myHeaders = new Headers();
myHeaders.append("Accept", "application/json");
myHeaders.append("Content-Type", "application/json");

var requestOptions = {
   method: 'GET',
   headers: myHeaders,
   redirect: 'follow'
}; 

fetch("https://api.artifactsmmo.com/items/?craft_skill=weaponcrafting", requestOptions)
   .then(response => response.text())
   .then(result => console.log(result))
   .catch(error => console.log('error', error));
```

[View the API Reference](https://api.artifactsmmo.com/docs/#/operations/get_all_items_items__get)


You must then find a map containing a workshop of the skill. [To learn more about the map, click here.](/concepts/maps_and_movement)

When you're on a map containing a workshop, you can use this request to craft an item.

```http filename="cURL" copy
curl --location -g --request POST 'https://api.artifactsmmo.com/my/{name}/action/crafting' \
--header 'Accept: application/json' \
--header 'Content-Type: application/json' \
--header 'Authorization: Bearer INSERT_YOUR_TOKEN_HERE' \
--data-raw '{
  "code": "INSERT_ITEM_CODE"
}'
```
```js filename="Javascript" copy
var myHeaders = new Headers();
myHeaders.append("Accept", "application/json");
myHeaders.append("Content-Type", "application/json");
myHeaders.append("Authorization", "Bearer INSERT_YOUR_TOKEN_HERE");

var raw = JSON.stringify({
   "code": "INSERT_ITEM_CODE"
});
  
var requestOptions = {
   method: 'POST',
   headers: myHeaders,
   body: raw,
   redirect: 'follow'
};

fetch("https://api.artifactsmmo.com/my/{name}/action/crafting", requestOptions)
   .then(response => response.text())
   .then(result => console.log(result))
   .catch(error => console.log('error', error));
```

[View the API Reference](https://api.artifactsmmo.com/docs/#/operations/action_crafting_my__name__action_crafting_post)

## Experience to level
Here's the table showing the experience required to level up for all skills.

| Level | XP Total |
|-------|----------|
| 1     | 150      |
| 2     | 250      |
| 3     | 350      |
| 4     | 450      |
| 5     | 700      |
| 6     | 950      |
| 7     | 1200     |
| 8     | 1450     |
| 9     | 1850     |
| 10    | 2250     |
| 11    | 2650     |
| 12    | 3050     |
| 13    | 3450     |
| 14    | 4150     |
| 15    | 4850     |
| 16    | 5550     |
| 17    | 6250     |
| 18    | 6950     |
| 19    | 7950     |
| 20    | 8950     |
| 21    | 9950     |
| 22    | 10950    |
| 23    | 11950    |
| 24    | 13150    |
| 25    | 14350    |
| 26    | 15550    |
| 27    | 16750    |
| 28    | 17950    |
| 29    | 19450    |
| 30    | 20950    |
| 31    | 22450    |
| 32    | 23950    |
| 33    | 25450    |
| 34    | 27250    |
| 35    | 29050    |
| 36    | 30850    |
| 37    | 32650    |
| 38    | 34450    |
| 39    | 36550    |
| 40    | 38650    |
| 41    | 40750    |
| 42    | 42850    |
| 43    | 44950    |
| 44    | 46750    |
| 45    | 48550    |
| 46    | 50350    |
| 47    | 52150    |
| 48    | 53950    |
| 49    | 55750    |
| 50    | 57550    |

Commit message:

Docs: add pending items & update concepts
Add a new Pending Items concept page and update multiple concept docs for clarity and new Grand Exchange features.

Key changes:
- Add pages/concepts/pending_items.mdx and register it in _meta.json.
- Achievements: add rewards/items, multi-objective format, API note and callout about pending items.
- Actions: add links for claim pending item, change skin, and GE buy/fill endpoints.
- Events: clarify content, fixed links, add spawn/duration/rate fields and improved API examples for listing and active events.
- Grand Exchange: expand docs with browse, sell orders, buy orders, create/fill/cancel flows, examples, limits and behavior (100 order limit, buy-order escrow, pending items delivery).
- Inventory/Bank: update bank expansion cost (4500 -> 4000 gold).
- Maps/Movement: fix API host links and clarify coordinate/map_id usage and layer notes.
- NPCs: add NPC types, item fields table and link to events system.
- Recycling: clarify returned resources formula, batch recycling, cooldown, and updated examples.
- Resting/Using Items: normalize teleport entry.
- Skills: note that some crafts produce multiple items via craft.quantity.
- Stats/Fights: add monster types, format fixes for abilities, note on boss multi-character fights and rewards.
- Tasks: add task types, rewards-by-level table, and rework tasks list section.
- WebSockets: add GE buy/buy-order events and pending_item_received websocket event.

These updates improve API examples, clarify mechanics and document new/pending item flows so users can integrate with the game systems reliably.

pages/concepts/skills.mdx, after:

## Gathering  

Gathering skills allow you to gather resources on the map. Currently, 4 gathering skills are available: Woodcutting, Mining, Fishing and Alchemy.

You can see all the resources that can be gathered with this API request.
 
```http filename="cURL" copy
curl --location --request GET 'https://api.artifactsmmo.com/resources/?page=1&size=50' \
--header 'Accept: application/json' \
--header 'Content-Type: application/json'
```
```js filename="Javascript" copy
var myHeaders = new Headers();
myHeaders.append("Accept", "application/json");
myHeaders.append("Content-Type", "application/json");

var requestOptions = {
   method: 'GET',
   headers: myHeaders,
   redirect: 'follow'
};
 
fetch("https://api.artifactsmmo.com/resources/?page=1&size=50", requestOptions)
   .then(response => response.text())
   .then(result => console.log(result))
   .catch(error => console.log('error', error));
```

[View API Reference](https://api.artifactsmmo.com/docs/#/operations/get_all_resources_resources__get)

You then need to find a map that contains this resource. [To learn more about the map, click here.](/concepts/maps_and_movement)

When you're on a map containing a resource, if you have the necessary skill level, you can harvest it with this API request.

```http filename="cURL" copy
curl --location --request POST 'https://api.artifactsmmo.com/my/INSERT_CHARACTER_NAME/action/gathering' \
--header 'Accept: application/json' \
--header 'Content-Type: application/json' \
--header 'Authorization: Bearer INSERT_TOKEN_HERE'
```
```js filename="Javascript" copy
var myHeaders = new Headers();
myHeaders.append("Accept", "application/json");
myHeaders.append("Content-Type", "application/json");
myHeaders.append("Authorization", "Bearer INSERT_TOKEN_HERE");

var requestOptions = {
   method: 'POST',
   headers: myHeaders,
   redirect: 'follow'
};

fetch("https://api.artifactsmmo.com/my/INSERT_CHARACTER_NAME/action/gathering", requestOptions)
   .then(response => response.text())
   .then(result => console.log(result))
   .catch(error => console.log('error', error));
```

[View API Reference](https://api.artifactsmmo.com/docs/#/operations/action_gathering_my__name__action_gathering_post)

 
## Crafting

Crafting skills let you make all kinds of items.  You can craft with 7 skills: Weaponcrafting, Gearcrafting, Jewelrycrafting, Cooking, Mining, Woodcutting and Alchemy.

Some crafts produce more than one item per craft. Check the `craft.quantity` field on an item to see how many are produced.

If you want to see all the crafts of a skill, you can use the Get Item request with the craft_skill parameter. Here's an example request:

```http filename="cURL" copy
curl --location --request GET 'https://api.artifactsmmo.com/items/?craft_skill=weaponcrafting' \
--header 'Accept: application/json' \
--header 'Content-Type: application/json'
```
```js filename="Javascript" copy
var myHeaders = new Headers();
myHeaders.append("Accept", "application/json");
myHeaders.append("Content-Type", "application/json");

var requestOptions = {
   method: 'GET',
   headers: myHeaders,
   redirect: 'follow'
}; 

fetch("https://api.artifactsmmo.com/items/?craft_skill=weaponcrafting", requestOptions)
   .then(response => response.text())
   .then(result => console.log(result))
   .catch(error => console.log('error', error));
```

[View the API Reference](https://api.artifactsmmo.com/docs/#/operations/get_all_items_items__get)


You must then find a map containing a workshop of the skill. [To learn more about the map, click here.](/concepts/maps_and_movement)

When you're on a map containing a workshop, you can use this request to craft an item.

```http filename="cURL" copy
curl --location -g --request POST 'https://api.artifactsmmo.com/my/{name}/action/crafting' \
--header 'Accept: application/json' \
--header 'Content-Type: application/json' \
--header 'Authorization: Bearer INSERT_YOUR_TOKEN_HERE' \
--data-raw '{
  "code": "INSERT_ITEM_CODE"
}'
```
```js filename="Javascript" copy
var myHeaders = new Headers();
myHeaders.append("Accept", "application/json");
myHeaders.append("Content-Type", "application/json");
myHeaders.append("Authorization", "Bearer INSERT_YOUR_TOKEN_HERE");

var raw = JSON.stringify({
   "code": "INSERT_ITEM_CODE"
});
  
var requestOptions = {
   method: 'POST',
   headers: myHeaders,
   body: raw,
   redirect: 'follow'
};

fetch("https://api.artifactsmmo.com/my/{name}/action/crafting", requestOptions)
   .then(response => response.text())
   .then(result => console.log(result))
   .catch(error => console.log('error', error));
```

[View the API Reference](https://api.artifactsmmo.com/docs/#/operations/action_crafting_my__name__action_crafting_post)

## Experience to level
Here's the table showing the experience required to level up for all skills.

| Level | XP Total |
|-------|----------|
| 1     | 150      |
| 2     | 250      |
| 3     | 350      |
| 4     | 450      |
| 5     | 700      |
| 6     | 950      |
| 7     | 1200     |
| 8     | 1450     |
| 9     | 1850     |
| 10    | 2250     |
| 11    | 2650     |
| 12    | 3050     |
| 13    | 3450     |
| 14    | 4150     |
| 15    | 4850     |
| 16    | 5550     |
| 17    | 6250     |
| 18    | 6950     |
| 19    | 7950     |
| 20    | 8950     |
| 21    | 9950     |
| 22    | 10950    |
| 23    | 11950    |
| 24    | 13150    |
| 25    | 14350    |
| 26    | 15550    |
| 27    | 16750    |
| 28    | 17950    |
| 29    | 19450    |
| 30    | 20950    |
| 31    | 22450    |
| 32    | 23950    |
| 33    | 25450    |
| 34    | 27250    |
| 35    | 29050    |
| 36    | 30850    |
| 37    | 32650    |
| 38    | 34450    |
| 39    | 36550    |
| 40    | 38650    |
| 41    | 40750    |
| 42    | 42850    |
| 43    | 44950    |
| 44    | 46750    |
| 45    | 48550    |
| 46    | 50350    |
| 47    | 52150    |
| 48    | 53950    |
| 49    | 55750    |
| 50    | 57550    |
