pages/concepts/stats_and_fights.mdx, before:

import { Callout } from 'nextra/components' 
  
## Stats 
 
Here are all the stats a player can have:

*   Hit points (HP)
*   Elemental attacks (fire, water, earth, air)
*   Elemental damages (fire, water, earth, air)
*   Damage
*   Elemental resistance (fire, water, earth, air)
*   Prospecting
*   Wisdom
*   Critical Strike
*   Initiative
*   Threat
*   Haste

You can view your character's stats directly [on the site](https://artifactsmmo.com/my/characters) or use [this request](https://api.artifactsmmo.com/docs/#/operations/get_my_characters_my_characters_get).


### Elemental attacks

Attack is the basic stats. Each attack removes one hit point from its opponent.

### Elemental damages

Damage increases the attack of an element, it is given by utilities and equipment.
If an equipment or utility gives damages without specifying the element, it applies to all elements.

Damage is rounded during the calculation process. The damage calculation does not happen all at once.

Here's the formula for calculating the effects of damage:
**Round(Attack \* Round(Damage \* 0.01))**

For example, if a player has a base attack of 100 and a damage buff of 30, the output damage will be 130.
1 damage buff = 1% extra base damage (1 extra damage using the example above)

**Important rounding rules:**
- .5 always rounds up
- Below .5 rounds down

**Multi-element weapons:**
If your weapon has multiple elements (many of them do), this calculation is done independently for each element. If you look at the fight logs, you'll see that a separate attack instance happens for each element the attacker has.

### Critical strike

Critical strike gives you a chance to perform a strike that will perform 1.5x the total attack.

For example, if a player has 10 critical strikes, he has a 10% chance of performing a critical strike.
1 critical strike = 1% critical strike. If he hits 100 without a critical hit, then he'll hit 150 if he performs a critical hit.

### Elemental resistances

Resistance reduces the attack damage of its opponent.

Resistance is rounded during the calculation process. Resistance uses the same logic as damage.

Here's the formula for calculating the effects of damage reduction, it is given by utilities and equipment:
**Round(Attack * Round(Resistance * 0.01))**

For example, if a monster has a resistance buff of 30 and the player has 100 attack, the monster will block 30 damage. 1 resistance buff = 1% damage reduction (1 less damage using the example above)

### Initative

Initiative determines the turn order in combat. The character or monster with the highest initiative acts first, followed by the others in descending order of initiative.
If two characters or monsters have the same initiative, the one with the higher HP will act first. If they also have the same HP, the turn order is determined randomly.

### Threat

In a multi-character fight, the monster's MAIN target is the character with the highest threat (90% of the time). 10% of the time, it will target the character with the lowest HP. If multiple characters share the same threat, it will attack the one with the lowest HP. If there’s still a tie, the target is chosen at random among them.

### Haste

The haste reduces the cooldown of a fight. You'll find more info in the Fights section below.

### Wisdom and Prospecting

Wisdom and prospecting are stats that provide bonuses during fights, gathering, and crafting.

Wisdom increases the XP you'll earn (1 wisdom = 0.1% more xp).
Your xp rate is 100%, if you have 100 wisdom your total xp rate is 110%. 

Prospecting increases your chance of dropping items. (1 prospecting = 0.1% more chance of dropping).
Your basic drop chance is 100%, if you have 100 prospecting your total drop chance is 110%. 

## Fights

Combat is based on a turn-by-turn system. The turn order is determined by initiative.

Fights can take a maximum of 100 turns, otherwise you've automatically lost the fight.
If you lose a fight, you return to the spawn (0,0 (overworld)) with 1 HP.

Each round of combat adds 2 seconds of cooldown. Haste (equipment stats) reduces cooldown time. The minimum combat cooldown is 5 seconds.

Here's the formula for calculating the cooldown:
**Turns * 2 - (Haste * 0.01) * (Turns * 2)**

For example, if a fight takes 20 turns and a player has 10 haste, the cooldown will be reduced by 4 seconds. 36 instead of 40 seconds. 1 haste = 1% less.
 
### Equipments and utilities&#x20;

To help you in fight, you can equip equipment and utilities. A utility is consumed automatically when it meets a specific condition.

Here's everything you can equip:

*   Helmet (helmet)
*   Body armor
*   Leg armor
*   Boots
*   Weapon
*   Shield&#x20;
*   Ring (2 slots)
*   Amulet
*   Artifact (3 slots)
*   Utilities (2 slots)
*   Bag
*   Rune

#### Utilities keywords 

| Keyword | Condition                                            |
| ------- | ---------------------------------------------------- |
| Restore | Heals X HP when the player has lost 50% of their life. |
| Splash Restore | Restores x HP at the start of the turn to another character who has lost the most health if that character has less than 50% of their health points remaining. |
| Boost   | Gives X (HP, % damage, % res, prospecting, critical strike) at the start of fight. |
| Antipoison   | At the beginning of the turn, if the character has at least one poison on him, removes x poison damage.


[View all utilities](https://artifactsmmo.com/encyclopedia/items?type=utility)

#### Runes keywords

Runes are equipment that will launch an ability in combat. There are currently 3 that you can obtain for gold by visiting the NPC in 6,13.

| Keyword | Condition                                            |
| ------- | ---------------------------------------------------- |
| Burn | On his first turn, apply a burn effect of x% of your attack of all elements. The damage is applied each turn and decreases by 10% each time.  |
| Lifesteal   | Restores x% of the total attack of all elements in HP after a critical strike. |
| Healing   | Every 3 played turns, restores x% of HP at the start of the turn.|
| Healing Aura   | Every 2 played turns, they heal all allies for x% of their maximum HP. This effect does not heal the caster. |
| Vampiric Strike   | After landing a critical hit, they heal the ally with the lowest HP for x% of the damage dealt. Can only trigger once every 3 turns. This effect does not heal the caster. |
| Frenzy  | Each time they land a critical hit, they give x% damage to themselves and their allies until the end of their next turn. |
| Shell  | When they drop below 40% of their HP, they gain x% resistance to all elements for 3 turns. Activates once per combat. This effect is only active during boss fights. |
| Guard  | If one or more allies have less than 50% of their HP, protects the ally with the lowest HP percentage, redirecting x% of their damage to this character until the start of my next turn. Activates a maximum of 3 times per combat.|

[View all runes](https://artifactsmmo.com/encyclopedia/items?type=rune)


### Monsters effects/abilites

Some monsters launch abilities called effects. These are additional effects that can be activated during combat in addition to their attacks.

| Keyword | Condition                                            |
| ------- | ---------------------------------------------------- |
| Burn | On his first turn, apply a burn effect of x% of your attack of all elements. The damage is applied each turn and decreases by 10% each time. |
| Lifesteal   | Restores x% of the total attack of all elements in HP after a critical strike. |
| Healing   | Every 3 played turns, restores x% of HP at the start of the turn.
| Reconstitution   | At the beginning of the turn x, restores all HP.
| Poison   | At the start of its first turn, applies a x poison to its opponent. Loses x HP per turn.
| Corrupted | After every time the bearer of this effect is attacked, their resistance to the attack's element is reduced by x%, and can go negative.
| Frenzy  | Each time they land a critical hit, they give x% damage to themselves and their allies until the end of their next turn. |
| Berserker Rage  | When they drop below 25% HP, they gain x% damage permanently. Applies once per combat. |
| Void Drain  | Every 4 turns, Drains x% HP from each enemy to heal themselves.|
| Barrier  | At the start of the fight and every 5 played turns, gain a protective barrier of xHP. All attacks are redirected to this barrier until it is destroyed.|


### Equip

To equip an item, your character must meet all the item's conditions. An item's conditions can use any character variable and an operator such as gt, lt, or eq.

For example, the [Iron Sword](https://www.artifactsmmo.com/encyclopedia/items/iron_sword/) requires your character to be above level 9.

```http filename="JSON" copy
{
...
  "conditions": [
    {
      "code": "level",
      "operator": "gt",
      "value": 9
    }
  ],
....
}
```

To equip an item, you can use this API request.

```http filename="cURL" copy
curl --location -g --request POST 'https://api.artifactsmmo.com/my/{name}/action/equip' \
--header 'Accept: application/json' \
--header 'Content-Type: application/json' \
--header 'Authorization: Bearer INSERT_YOUR_TOKEN_HERE' \
--data-raw '{
  "slot": "SLOT_NAME"
}'
``` 
```js filename="Javascript" copy
var myHeaders = new Headers();
myHeaders.append("Accept", "application/json");
myHeaders.append("Content-Type", "application/json");
myHeaders.append("Authorization", "Bearer INSERT_YOUR_TOKEN_HERE");

var raw = JSON.stringify({
   "slot": "SLOT_NAME"
});

var requestOptions = {
   method: 'POST',
   headers: myHeaders,
   body: raw,
   redirect: 'follow'
};

fetch("https://api.artifactsmmo.com/my/{name}/action/equip", requestOptions)
   .then(response => response.text())
   .then(result => console.log(result))
   .catch(error => console.log('error', error));
```

[View API Reference](https://api.artifactsmmo.com/docs/#/operations/action_equip_item_my__name__action_equip_post)

### Unequip

To unequip an item, you can use this API request.

```http filename="cURL" copy
curl --location -g --request POST 'https://api.artifactsmmo.com/my/{name}/action/unequip' \
--header 'Accept: application/json' \
--header 'Content-Type: application/json' \
--header 'Authorization: Bearer INSERT_YOUR_TOKEN_HERE' \
--data-raw '{
  "code": "ITEM_CODE",
  "slot": "SLOT_NAME"
}'
```
```js filename="Javascript" copy
var myHeaders = new Headers();
myHeaders.append("Accept", "application/json");
myHeaders.append("Content-Type", "application/json");
myHeaders.append("Authorization", "Bearer INSERT_YOUR_TOKEN_HERE");

var raw = JSON.stringify({
   "code": "ITEM_CODE",
   "slot": "SLOT_NAME"
});

var requestOptions = {
   method: 'POST',
   headers: myHeaders,
   body: raw,
   redirect: 'follow'
};
 
fetch("https://api.artifactsmmo.com/my/{name}/action/unequip", requestOptions)
   .then(response => response.text())
   .then(result => console.log(result))
   .catch(error => console.log('error', error));
```

[View API Reference](https://api.artifactsmmo.com/docs/#/operations/action_unequip_item_my__name__action_unequip_post)

### Action


To start a fight, you must be on a map with a monster. [To learn more about the map, click here.](https://docs.artifactsmmo.com/concepts/maps_and_movement) 
You can start a fight using this API request.

```http filename="cURL" copy
curl --location --request POST 'https://api.artifactsmmo.com/my/INSERT_CHARACTER_NAME/action/fight' \
--header 'Accept: application/json' \
--header 'Content-Type: application/json' \
--header 'Authorization: Bearer INSERT_TOKEN_HERE'
```
```js filename="Javascript" copy
const url = 'https://api.artifactsmmo.com/my/INSERT_CHARACTER_NAME/action/fight';
const options = {
  method: 'POST',
  headers: {
    'Content-Type': 'application/json',
    Accept: 'application/json',
    Authorization: 'Bearer INSERT_TOKEN_HERE'
  },
};

try {
  const response = await fetch(url, options);
  const data = await response.json();
  console.log(data);
} catch (error) {
  console.error(error);
}
```

You can fight with up to 2 other of **YOUR characters** against boss-type monsters.
To do this, all your characters must be on the boss's map and you must add their names in the payload.


```http filename="cURL" copy
curl --location --request POST 'https://api.artifactsmmo.com/my/INSERT_CHARACTER_NAME/action/fight' \
--header 'Accept: application/json' \
--header 'Content-Type: application/json' \
--header 'Authorization: Bearer INSERT_TOKEN_HERE'
--data '{
  "participants": ["Character2","Character3"]
}'
```
```js filename="Javascript" copy
const url = 'https://api.artifactsmmo.com/my/INSERT_CHARACTER_NAME/action/fight';
const options = {
  method: 'POST',
  headers: {
    'Content-Type': 'application/json',
    Accept: 'application/json',
    Authorization: 'Bearer INSERT_TOKEN_HERE'
  },
  body: '{"participants":["Character2","Character3"]}'
};

try {
  const response = await fetch(url, options);
  const data = await response.json();
  console.log(data);
} catch (error) {
  console.error(error);
}
```

[View the API Reference](https://api.artifactsmmo.com/docs/#/operations/action_fight_my__name__action_fight_post)

## Experience to level
Here's the table showing the experience required to level up.

| Level | XP Total |
|-------|----------|
| 1     | 150      |
| 2     | 250      |
| 3     | 350      |
| 4     | 450      |
| 5     | 700      |
| 6     | 950      |
| 7     | 1200     |
| 8     | 1450     |
| 9     | 1850     |
| 10    | 2250     |
| 11    | 2650     |
| 12    | 3050     |
| 13    | 3450     |
| 14    | 4150     |
| 15    | 4850     |
| 16    | 5550     |
| 17    | 6250     |
| 18    | 6950     |
| 19    | 7950     |
| 20    | 8950     |
| 21    | 9950     |
| 22    | 10950    |
| 23    | 11950    |
| 24    | 13150    |
| 25    | 14350    |
| 26    | 15550    |
| 27    | 16750    |
| 28    | 17950    |
| 29    | 19450    |
| 30    | 20950    |
| 31    | 22450    |
| 32    | 23950    |
| 33    | 25450    |
| 34    | 27250    |
| 35    | 29050    |
| 36    | 30850    |
| 37    | 32650    |
| 38    | 34450    |
| 39    | 36550    |
| 40    | 38650    |
| 41    | 40750    |
| 42    | 42850    |
| 43    | 44950    |
| 44    | 46750    |
| 45    | 48550    |
| 46    | 50350    |
| 47    | 52150    |
| 48    | 53950    |
| 49    | 55750    |
| 50    | 57550    |

Commit message:

Docs: add pending items & update concepts
Add a new Pending Items concept page and update multiple concept docs for clarity and new Grand Exchange features.

Key changes:
- Add pages/concepts/pending_items.mdx and register it in _meta.json.
- Achievements: add rewards/items, multi-objective format, API note and callout about pending items.
- Actions: add links for claim pending item, change skin, and GE buy/fill endpoints.
- Events: clarify content, fixed links, add spawn/duration/rate fields and improved API examples for listing and active events.
- Grand Exchange: expand docs with browse, sell orders, buy orders, create/fill/cancel flows, examples, limits and behavior (100 order limit, buy-order escrow, pending items delivery).
- Inventory/Bank: update bank expansion cost (4500 -> 4000 gold).
- Maps/Movement: fix API host links and clarify coordinate/map_id usage and layer notes.
- NPCs: add NPC types, item fields table and link to events system.
- Recycling: clarify returned resources formula, batch recycling, cooldown, and updated examples.
- Resting/Using Items: normalize teleport entry.
- Skills: note that some crafts produce multiple items via craft.quantity.
- Stats/Fights: add monster types, format fixes for abilities, note on boss multi-character fights and rewards.
- Tasks: add task types, rewards-by-level table, and rework tasks list section.
- WebSockets: add GE buy/buy-order events and pending_item_received websocket event.

These updates improve API examples, clarify mechanics and document new/pending item flows so users can integrate with the game systems reliably.

pages/concepts/stats_and_fights.mdx, after:

import { Callout } from 'nextra/components' 
  
## Stats 
 
Here are all the stats a player can have:

*   Hit points (HP)
*   Elemental attacks (fire, water, earth, air)
*   Elemental damages (fire, water, earth, air)
*   Damage
*   Elemental resistance (fire, water, earth, air)
*   Prospecting
*   Wisdom
*   Critical Strike
*   Initiative
*   Threat
*   Haste

You can view your character's stats directly [on the site](https://artifactsmmo.com/my/characters) or use [this request](https://api.artifactsmmo.com/docs/#/operations/get_my_characters_my_characters_get).


### Elemental attacks

Attack is the basic stats. Each attack removes one hit point from its opponent.

### Elemental damages

Damage increases the attack of an element, it is given by utilities and equipment.
If an equipment or utility gives damages without specifying the element, it applies to all elements.

Damage is rounded during the calculation process. The damage calculation does not happen all at once.

Here's the formula for calculating the effects of damage:
**Round(Attack \* Round(Damage \* 0.01))**

For example, if a player has a base attack of 100 and a damage buff of 30, the output damage will be 130.
1 damage buff = 1% extra base damage (1 extra damage using the example above)

**Important rounding rules:**
- .5 always rounds up
- Below .5 rounds down

**Multi-element weapons:**
If your weapon has multiple elements (many of them do), this calculation is done independently for each element. If you look at the fight logs, you'll see that a separate attack instance happens for each element the attacker has.

### Critical strike

Critical strike gives you a chance to perform a strike that will perform 1.5x the total attack.

For example, if a player has 10 critical strikes, he has a 10% chance of performing a critical strike.
1 critical strike = 1% critical strike. If he hits 100 without a critical hit, then he'll hit 150 if he performs a critical hit.

### Elemental resistances

Resistance reduces the attack damage of its opponent.

Resistance is rounded during the calculation process. Resistance uses the same logic as damage.

Here's the formula for calculating the effects of damage reduction, it is given by utilities and equipment:
**Round(Attack * Round(Resistance * 0.01))**

For example, if a monster has a resistance buff of 30 and the player has 100 attack, the monster will block 30 damage. 1 resistance buff = 1% damage reduction (1 less damage using the example above)

### Initative

Initiative determines the turn order in combat. The character or monster with the highest initiative acts first, followed by the others in descending order of initiative.
If two characters or monsters have the same initiative, the one with the higher HP will act first. If they also have the same HP, the turn order is determined randomly.

### Threat

In a multi-character fight, the monster's MAIN target is the character with the highest threat (90% of the time). 10% of the time, it will target the character with the lowest HP. If multiple characters share the same threat, it will attack the one with the lowest HP. If there’s still a tie, the target is chosen at random among them.

### Haste

The haste reduces the cooldown of a fight. You'll find more info in the Fights section below.

### Wisdom and Prospecting

Wisdom and prospecting are stats that provide bonuses during fights, gathering, and crafting.

Wisdom increases the XP you'll earn (1 wisdom = 0.1% more xp).
Your xp rate is 100%, if you have 100 wisdom your total xp rate is 110%. 

Prospecting increases your chance of dropping items. (1 prospecting = 0.1% more chance of dropping).
Your basic drop chance is 100%, if you have 100 prospecting your total drop chance is 110%. 

## Fights

Combat is based on a turn-by-turn system. The turn order is determined by initiative.

Fights can take a maximum of 100 turns, otherwise you've automatically lost the fight.
If you lose a fight, you return to the spawn (0,0 (overworld)) with 1 HP.

Each round of combat adds 2 seconds of cooldown. Haste (equipment stats) reduces cooldown time. The minimum combat cooldown is 5 seconds.

### Monster Types

Monsters are classified into three types:

| Type | Description |
|------|-------------|
| `normal` | Standard monsters found throughout the world. |
| `elite` | Stronger monsters with better stats and drops. |
| `boss` | Powerful monsters that can be fought with up to 3 characters. |

Here's the formula for calculating the cooldown:
**Turns * 2 - (Haste * 0.01) * (Turns * 2)**

For example, if a fight takes 20 turns and a player has 10 haste, the cooldown will be reduced by 4 seconds. 36 instead of 40 seconds. 1 haste = 1% less.
 
### Equipments and utilities&#x20;

To help you in fight, you can equip equipment and utilities. A utility is consumed automatically when it meets a specific condition.

Here's everything you can equip:

*   Helmet (helmet)
*   Body armor
*   Leg armor
*   Boots
*   Weapon
*   Shield&#x20;
*   Ring (2 slots)
*   Amulet
*   Artifact (3 slots)
*   Utilities (2 slots)
*   Bag
*   Rune

#### Utilities keywords 

| Keyword | Condition                                            |
| ------- | ---------------------------------------------------- |
| Restore | Heals X HP when the player has lost 50% of their life. |
| Splash Restore | Restores x HP at the start of the turn to another character who has lost the most health if that character has less than 50% of their health points remaining. |
| Boost   | Gives X (HP, % damage, % res, prospecting, critical strike) at the start of fight. |
| Antipoison   | At the beginning of the turn, if the character has at least one poison on him, removes x poison damage.


[View all utilities](https://artifactsmmo.com/encyclopedia/items?type=utility)

#### Runes keywords

Runes are equipment that will launch an ability in combat. There are currently 3 that you can obtain for gold by visiting the NPC in 6,13.

| Keyword | Condition                                            |
| ------- | ---------------------------------------------------- |
| Burn | On his first turn, apply a burn effect of x% of your attack of all elements. The damage is applied each turn and decreases by 10% each time.  |
| Lifesteal   | Restores x% of the total attack of all elements in HP after a critical strike. |
| Healing   | Every 3 played turns, restores x% of HP at the start of the turn.|
| Healing Aura   | Every 2 played turns, they heal all allies for x% of their maximum HP. This effect does not heal the caster. |
| Vampiric Strike   | After landing a critical hit, they heal the ally with the lowest HP for x% of the damage dealt. Can only trigger once every 3 turns. This effect does not heal the caster. |
| Frenzy  | Each time they land a critical hit, they give x% damage to themselves and their allies until the end of their next turn. |
| Shell  | When they drop below 40% of their HP, they gain x% resistance to all elements for 3 turns. Activates once per combat. This effect is only active during boss fights. |
| Guard  | If one or more allies have less than 50% of their HP, protects the ally with the lowest HP percentage, redirecting x% of their damage to this character until the start of my next turn. Activates a maximum of 3 times per combat.|

[View all runes](https://artifactsmmo.com/encyclopedia/items?type=rune)


### Monsters effects/abilities

Some monsters launch abilities called effects. These are additional effects that can be activated during combat in addition to their attacks.

| Keyword | Condition                                            |
| ------- | ---------------------------------------------------- |
| Burn | On his first turn, apply a burn effect of x% of your attack of all elements. The damage is applied each turn and decreases by 10% each time. |
| Lifesteal   | Restores x% of the total attack of all elements in HP after a critical strike. |
| Healing   | Every 3 played turns, restores x% of HP at the start of the turn. |
| Reconstitution   | At the beginning of the turn x, restores all HP. |
| Poison   | At the start of its first turn, applies a x poison to its opponent. Loses x HP per turn. |
| Corrupted | After every time the bearer of this effect is attacked, their resistance to the attack's element is reduced by x%, and can go negative. |
| Frenzy  | Each time they land a critical hit, they give x% damage to themselves and their allies until the end of their next turn. |
| Berserker Rage  | When they drop below 25% HP, they gain x% damage permanently. Applies once per combat. |
| Void Drain  | Every 4 turns, Drains x% HP from each enemy to heal themselves. |
| Barrier  | At the start of the fight and every 5 played turns, gain a protective barrier of xHP. All attacks are redirected to this barrier until it is destroyed. |

You can view monster effects using the [monsters endpoint](https://api.artifactsmmo.com/docs/#/operations/get_all_monsters_monsters_get). Each monster's `effects` field lists its abilities with a `code` and `value`.


### Equip

To equip an item, your character must meet all the item's conditions. An item's conditions can use any character variable and an operator such as gt, lt, or eq.

For example, the [Iron Sword](https://www.artifactsmmo.com/encyclopedia/items/iron_sword/) requires your character to be above level 9.

```http filename="JSON" copy
{
...
  "conditions": [
    {
      "code": "level",
      "operator": "gt",
      "value": 9
    }
  ],
....
}
```

To equip an item, you can use this API request.

```http filename="cURL" copy
curl --location -g --request POST 'https://api.artifactsmmo.com/my/{name}/action/equip' \
--header 'Accept: application/json' \
--header 'Content-Type: application/json' \
--header 'Authorization: Bearer INSERT_YOUR_TOKEN_HERE' \
--data-raw '{
  "slot": "SLOT_NAME"
}'
``` 
```js filename="Javascript" copy
var myHeaders = new Headers();
myHeaders.append("Accept", "application/json");
myHeaders.append("Content-Type", "application/json");
myHeaders.append("Authorization", "Bearer INSERT_YOUR_TOKEN_HERE");

var raw = JSON.stringify({
   "slot": "SLOT_NAME"
});

var requestOptions = {
   method: 'POST',
   headers: myHeaders,
   body: raw,
   redirect: 'follow'
};

fetch("https://api.artifactsmmo.com/my/{name}/action/equip", requestOptions)
   .then(response => response.text())
   .then(result => console.log(result))
   .catch(error => console.log('error', error));
```

[View API Reference](https://api.artifactsmmo.com/docs/#/operations/action_equip_item_my__name__action_equip_post)

### Unequip

To unequip an item, you can use this API request.

```http filename="cURL" copy
curl --location -g --request POST 'https://api.artifactsmmo.com/my/{name}/action/unequip' \
--header 'Accept: application/json' \
--header 'Content-Type: application/json' \
--header 'Authorization: Bearer INSERT_YOUR_TOKEN_HERE' \
--data-raw '{
  "code": "ITEM_CODE",
  "slot": "SLOT_NAME"
}'
```
```js filename="Javascript" copy
var myHeaders = new Headers();
myHeaders.append("Accept", "application/json");
myHeaders.append("Content-Type", "application/json");
myHeaders.append("Authorization", "Bearer INSERT_YOUR_TOKEN_HERE");

var raw = JSON.stringify({
   "code": "ITEM_CODE",
   "slot": "SLOT_NAME"
});

var requestOptions = {
   method: 'POST',
   headers: myHeaders,
   body: raw,
   redirect: 'follow'
};
 
fetch("https://api.artifactsmmo.com/my/{name}/action/unequip", requestOptions)
   .then(response => response.text())
   .then(result => console.log(result))
   .catch(error => console.log('error', error));
```

[View API Reference](https://api.artifactsmmo.com/docs/#/operations/action_unequip_item_my__name__action_unequip_post)

### Action


To start a fight, you must be on a map with a monster. [To learn more about the map, click here.](https://docs.artifactsmmo.com/concepts/maps_and_movement) 
You can start a fight using this API request.

```http filename="cURL" copy
curl --location --request POST 'https://api.artifactsmmo.com/my/INSERT_CHARACTER_NAME/action/fight' \
--header 'Accept: application/json' \
--header 'Content-Type: application/json' \
--header 'Authorization: Bearer INSERT_TOKEN_HERE'
```
```js filename="Javascript" copy
const url = 'https://api.artifactsmmo.com/my/INSERT_CHARACTER_NAME/action/fight';
const options = {
  method: 'POST',
  headers: {
    'Content-Type': 'application/json',
    Accept: 'application/json',
    Authorization: 'Bearer INSERT_TOKEN_HERE'
  },
};

try {
  const response = await fetch(url, options);
  const data = await response.json();
  console.log(data);
} catch (error) {
  console.error(error);
}
```

You can fight with up to 2 other of **YOUR characters** against `boss`-type monsters (up to 3 characters total).
To do this, all your characters must be on the boss's map and you must add their names in the payload.
All participating characters will receive XP, gold and drops independently.


```http filename="cURL" copy
curl --location --request POST 'https://api.artifactsmmo.com/my/INSERT_CHARACTER_NAME/action/fight' \
--header 'Accept: application/json' \
--header 'Content-Type: application/json' \
--header 'Authorization: Bearer INSERT_TOKEN_HERE'
--data '{
  "participants": ["Character2","Character3"]
}'
```
```js filename="Javascript" copy
const url = 'https://api.artifactsmmo.com/my/INSERT_CHARACTER_NAME/action/fight';
const options = {
  method: 'POST',
  headers: {
    'Content-Type': 'application/json',
    Accept: 'application/json',
    Authorization: 'Bearer INSERT_TOKEN_HERE'
  },
  body: '{"participants":["Character2","Character3"]}'
};

try {
  const response = await fetch(url, options);
  const data = await response.json();
  console.log(data);
} catch (error) {
  console.error(error);
}
```

[View the API Reference](https://api.artifactsmmo.com/docs/#/operations/action_fight_my__name__action_fight_post)

## Experience to level
Here's the table showing the experience required to level up.

| Level | XP Total |
|-------|----------|
| 1     | 150      |
| 2     | 250      |
| 3     | 350      |
| 4     | 450      |
| 5     | 700      |
| 6     | 950      |
| 7     | 1200     |
| 8     | 1450     |
| 9     | 1850     |
| 10    | 2250     |
| 11    | 2650     |
| 12    | 3050     |
| 13    | 3450     |
| 14    | 4150     |
| 15    | 4850     |
| 16    | 5550     |
| 17    | 6250     |
| 18    | 6950     |
| 19    | 7950     |
| 20    | 8950     |
| 21    | 9950     |
| 22    | 10950    |
| 23    | 11950    |
| 24    | 13150    |
| 25    | 14350    |
| 26    | 15550    |
| 27    | 16750    |
| 28    | 17950    |
| 29    | 19450    |
| 30    | 20950    |
| 31    | 22450    |
| 32    | 23950    |
| 33    | 25450    |
| 34    | 27250    |
| 35    | 29050    |
| 36    | 30850    |
| 37    | 32650    |
| 38    | 34450    |
| 39    | 36550    |
| 40    | 38650    |
| 41    | 40750    |
| 42    | 42850    |
| 43    | 44950    |
| 44    | 46750    |
| 45    | 48550    |
| 46    | 50350    |
| 47    | 52150    |
| 48    | 53950    |
| 49    | 55750    |
| 50    | 57550    |
