pages/concepts/tasks.mdx, before:

import { Callout } from 'nextra/components' 

# Tasks  
 
Tasks assign you random objectives (such as killing monsters, collecting resources, bringing back items) and when you complete tasks, you get some gold and a currency: tasks coins.
Tasks coins can be exchanged at all Tasks Masters. For 6 coins, you can get a random reward. You can also trade them for a higher cost at the NPC Tasks Trader to get the item you want.

You can check your objective and its progress directly on your character by using this [request](https://api.artifactsmmo.com/docs/#/operations/get_character_characters__name__get).

  
## Tasks

You can use this GET request to view the list of all existing tasks.

```http filename="cURL" copy
curl --location --request GET 'https://api.artifactsmmo.com/tasks/all' \
--header 'Accept: application/json' \
--header 'Content-Type: application/json'
```
```js filename="Javascript" copy
var myHeaders = new Headers();
myHeaders.append("Accept", "application/json");
myHeaders.append("Content-Type", "application/json");

var requestOptions = {
   method: 'GET',
   headers: myHeaders,
   redirect: 'follow'
}; 

fetch("https://api.artifactsmmo.com/tasks/all", requestOptions)
   .then(response => response.text())
   .then(result => console.log(result))
   .catch(error => console.log('error', error));
```

[View the API Reference](https://api.artifactsmmo.com/docs/#/operations/get_all_tasks_tasks_list_get)


## Rewards

You can use this GET request to see the list of all the rewards you can get when you exchange 6 coins at a Tasks Master.

```http filename="cURL" copy
curl --location --request GET 'https://api.artifactsmmo.com/tasks/rewards' \
--header 'Accept: application/json' \
--header 'Content-Type: application/json'
```
```js filename="Javascript" copy
var myHeaders = new Headers();
myHeaders.append("Accept", "application/json");
myHeaders.append("Content-Type", "application/json");

var requestOptions = {
   method: 'GET',
   headers: myHeaders,
   redirect: 'follow'
}; 

fetch("https://api.artifactsmmo.com/tasks/rewards", requestOptions)
   .then(response => response.text())
   .then(result => console.log(result))
   .catch(error => console.log('error', error));
```

[View the API Reference](https://api.artifactsmmo.com/docs/#/operations/get_all_tasks_rewards_tasks_rewards_get)


## Actions

To get a new task or to complete it, you need to be on a map with a tasks master.

You can use this POST request to accept a new task.

```http filename="cURL" copy
curl --request POST \
  --url https://api.artifactsmmo.com/my/{name}/action/task/new \
  --header 'Accept: application/json' \
  --header 'Authorization: Bearer INSERT_YOUR_TOKEN_HERE' \
  --header 'Content-Type: application/json' \
```
```js filename="Javascript" copy
const url = 'https://api.artifactsmmo.com/my/{name}/action/task/new';
const options = {
  method: 'POST',
  headers: {
    'Content-Type': 'application/json',
    Accept: 'application/json',
    Authorization: 'Bearer INSERT_YOUR_TOKEN_HERE'
  }
}; 
 
try {
  const response = await fetch(url, options);
  const data = await response.json();
  console.log(data);
} catch (error) {
  console.error(error);
}
```
[View the API Reference](https://api.artifactsmmo.com/docs/#/operations/action_accept_new_task_my__name__action_task_new_post)


You can use this POST request to complete a task

```http filename="cURL" copy
curl --request POST \
  --url https://api.artifactsmmo.com/my/{name}/action/task/complete \
  --header 'Accept: application/json' \
  --header 'Authorization: Bearer INSERT_YOUR_TOKEN_HERE' \
  --header 'Content-Type: application/json' \
```
```js filename="Javascript" copy
const url = 'https://api.artifactsmmo.com/my/{name}/action/task/complete';
const options = {
  method: 'POST',
  headers: {
    'Content-Type': 'application/json',
    Accept: 'application/json',
    Authorization: 'Bearer INSERT_YOUR_TOKEN_HERE'
  }
};

try {
  const response = await fetch(url, options);
  const data = await response.json();
  console.log(data);
} catch (error) {
  console.error(error);
}
```

[View the API Reference](https://api.artifactsmmo.com/docs/#/operations/action_complete_task_my__name__action_task_complete_post)


You can use this POST request to exchange 6 coins tasks for a random reward.

```http filename="cURL" copy
curl --request POST \
  --url https://api.artifactsmmo.com/my/{name}/action/task/exchange \
  --header 'Accept: application/json' \
  --header 'Authorization: Bearer INSERT_YOUR_TOKEN_HERE' \
  --header 'Content-Type: application/json' \
```
```js filename="Javascript" copy
const url = 'https://api.artifactsmmo.com/my/{name}/action/task/exchange';
const options = {
  method: 'POST',
  headers: {
    'Content-Type': 'application/json',
    Accept: 'application/json',
    Authorization: 'Bearer INSERT_YOUR_TOKEN_HERE'
  }
};

try {
  const response = await fetch(url, options);
  const data = await response.json();
  console.log(data);
} catch (error) {
  console.error(error);
}
```

[View the API Reference](https://api.artifactsmmo.com/docs/#/operations/action_task_exchange_my__name__action_task_exchange_post)


You can use this POST request to trade items at a Task Master (Items).

```http filename="cURL" copy
curl --location -g --request POST 'https://api.artifactsmmo.com/my/{name}/action/task/trade' \
--header 'Accept: application/json' \
--header 'Content-Type: application/json' \
--header 'Authorization: Bearer INSERT_YOUR_TOKEN_HERE' \
--data-raw '{
  "item": "name",
  "quantity":0
}' 
```
```js filename="Javascript" copy
var myHeaders = new Headers();
myHeaders.append("Accept", "application/json");
myHeaders.append("Content-Type", "application/json");
myHeaders.append("Authorization", "Bearer INSERT_YOUR_TOKEN_HERE");

var raw = JSON.stringify({
  "item": "name",
  "quantity":0
});

var requestOptions = {
   method: 'POST',
   headers: myHeaders,
   body: raw,
   redirect: 'follow'
};

fetch("https://api.artifactsmmo.com/my/{name}/action/task/trade", requestOptions)
   .then(response => response.text())
   .then(result => console.log(result))
   .catch(error => console.log('error', error));
```

[View the API Reference](https://api.artifactsmmo.com/docs/#/operations/action_task_trade_my__name__action_task_trade_post)


You can use this POST request to cancel a task at the cost of a task coin.

```http filename="cURL" copy
curl --request POST \
  --url https://api.artifactsmmo.com/my/{name}/action/task/cancel \
  --header 'Accept: application/json' \
  --header 'Authorization: Bearer INSERT_YOUR_TOKEN_HERE' \
  --header 'Content-Type: application/json' \
```
```js filename="Javascript" copy
const url = 'https://api.artifactsmmo.com/my/{name}/action/task/cancel';
const options = {
  method: 'POST',
  headers: {
    'Content-Type': 'application/json',
    Accept: 'application/json',
    Authorization: 'Bearer INSERT_YOUR_TOKEN_HERE'
  }
};

try {
  const response = await fetch(url, options);
  const data = await response.json();
  console.log(data);
} catch (error) {
  console.error(error);
}
```

[View the API Reference](https://api.artifactsmmo.com/docs/#/operations/action_task_cancel_my__name__action_task_cancel_post)

Commit message:

Docs: add pending items & update concepts
Add a new Pending Items concept page and update multiple concept docs for clarity and new Grand Exchange features.

Key changes:
- Add pages/concepts/pending_items.mdx and register it in _meta.json.
- Achievements: add rewards/items, multi-objective format, API note and callout about pending items.
- Actions: add links for claim pending item, change skin, and GE buy/fill endpoints.
- Events: clarify content, fixed links, add spawn/duration/rate fields and improved API examples for listing and active events.
- Grand Exchange: expand docs with browse, sell orders, buy orders, create/fill/cancel flows, examples, limits and behavior (100 order limit, buy-order escrow, pending items delivery).
- Inventory/Bank: update bank expansion cost (4500 -> 4000 gold).
- Maps/Movement: fix API host links and clarify coordinate/map_id usage and layer notes.
- NPCs: add NPC types, item fields table and link to events system.
- Recycling: clarify returned resources formula, batch recycling, cooldown, and updated examples.
- Resting/Using Items: normalize teleport entry.
- Skills: note that some crafts produce multiple items via craft.quantity.
- Stats/Fights: add monster types, format fixes for abilities, note on boss multi-character fights and rewards.
- Tasks: add task types, rewards-by-level table, and rework tasks list section.
- WebSockets: add GE buy/buy-order events and pending_item_received websocket event.

These updates improve API examples, clarify mechanics and document new/pending item flows so users can integrate with the game systems reliably.

pages/concepts/tasks.mdx, after:

import { Callout } from 'nextra/components' 

# Tasks  
 
Tasks assign you random objectives (such as killing monsters, collecting resources, bringing back items) and when you complete tasks, you get some gold and a currency: tasks coins.
Tasks coins can be exchanged at all Tasks Masters. For 6 coins, you can get a random reward. You can also trade them for a higher cost at the NPC Tasks Trader to get the item you want.

You can check your objective and its progress directly on your character by using this [request](https://api.artifactsmmo.com/docs/#/operations/get_character_characters__name__get).

## Task Types

Tasks come in two types:

| Type | Description |
|------|-------------|
| `monsters` | Kill a specific number of a monster. |
| `items` | Gather or craft a specific number of an item. |

### Rewards by level

Completing a task rewards gold and tasks coins based on the task type and level:

| Type | Level | Gold | Tasks Coins |
|------|-------|------|-------------|
| `items` | 1–14 | 150 | 2 |
| `items` | 15–29 | 250 | 3 |
| `items` | 30–40 | 350 | 4 |
| `items` | 41+ | 300 | 4 |
| `monsters` | 1–14 | 200 | 3 |
| `monsters` | 15–29 | 300 | 4 |
| `monsters` | 30+ | 500 | 5 |

## Tasks List

You can use this GET request to view the list of all existing tasks.

```http filename="cURL" copy
curl --location --request GET 'https://api.artifactsmmo.com/tasks/all' \
--header 'Accept: application/json' \
--header 'Content-Type: application/json'
```
```js filename="Javascript" copy
var myHeaders = new Headers();
myHeaders.append("Accept", "application/json");
myHeaders.append("Content-Type", "application/json");

var requestOptions = {
   method: 'GET',
   headers: myHeaders,
   redirect: 'follow'
}; 

fetch("https://api.artifactsmmo.com/tasks/all", requestOptions)
   .then(response => response.text())
   .then(result => console.log(result))
   .catch(error => console.log('error', error));
```

[View the API Reference](https://api.artifactsmmo.com/docs/#/operations/get_all_tasks_tasks_list_get)


## Rewards

You can use this GET request to see the list of all the rewards you can get when you exchange 6 coins at a Tasks Master.

```http filename="cURL" copy
curl --location --request GET 'https://api.artifactsmmo.com/tasks/rewards' \
--header 'Accept: application/json' \
--header 'Content-Type: application/json'
```
```js filename="Javascript" copy
var myHeaders = new Headers();
myHeaders.append("Accept", "application/json");
myHeaders.append("Content-Type", "application/json");

var requestOptions = {
   method: 'GET',
   headers: myHeaders,
   redirect: 'follow'
}; 

fetch("https://api.artifactsmmo.com/tasks/rewards", requestOptions)
   .then(response => response.text())
   .then(result => console.log(result))
   .catch(error => console.log('error', error));
```

[View the API Reference](https://api.artifactsmmo.com/docs/#/operations/get_all_tasks_rewards_tasks_rewards_get)


## Actions

To get a new task or to complete it, you need to be on a map with a tasks master.

You can use this POST request to accept a new task.

```http filename="cURL" copy
curl --request POST \
  --url https://api.artifactsmmo.com/my/{name}/action/task/new \
  --header 'Accept: application/json' \
  --header 'Authorization: Bearer INSERT_YOUR_TOKEN_HERE' \
  --header 'Content-Type: application/json' \
```
```js filename="Javascript" copy
const url = 'https://api.artifactsmmo.com/my/{name}/action/task/new';
const options = {
  method: 'POST',
  headers: {
    'Content-Type': 'application/json',
    Accept: 'application/json',
    Authorization: 'Bearer INSERT_YOUR_TOKEN_HERE'
  }
}; 
 
try {
  const response = await fetch(url, options);
  const data = await response.json();
  console.log(data);
} catch (error) {
  console.error(error);
}
```
[View the API Reference](https://api.artifactsmmo.com/docs/#/operations/action_accept_new_task_my__name__action_task_new_post)


You can use this POST request to complete a task

```http filename="cURL" copy
curl --request POST \
  --url https://api.artifactsmmo.com/my/{name}/action/task/complete \
  --header 'Accept: application/json' \
  --header 'Authorization: Bearer INSERT_YOUR_TOKEN_HERE' \
  --header 'Content-Type: application/json' \
```
```js filename="Javascript" copy
const url = 'https://api.artifactsmmo.com/my/{name}/action/task/complete';
const options = {
  method: 'POST',
  headers: {
    'Content-Type': 'application/json',
    Accept: 'application/json',
    Authorization: 'Bearer INSERT_YOUR_TOKEN_HERE'
  }
};

try {
  const response = await fetch(url, options);
  const data = await response.json();
  console.log(data);
} catch (error) {
  console.error(error);
}
```

[View the API Reference](https://api.artifactsmmo.com/docs/#/operations/action_complete_task_my__name__action_task_complete_post)


You can use this POST request to exchange 6 coins tasks for a random reward.

```http filename="cURL" copy
curl --request POST \
  --url https://api.artifactsmmo.com/my/{name}/action/task/exchange \
  --header 'Accept: application/json' \
  --header 'Authorization: Bearer INSERT_YOUR_TOKEN_HERE' \
  --header 'Content-Type: application/json' \
```
```js filename="Javascript" copy
const url = 'https://api.artifactsmmo.com/my/{name}/action/task/exchange';
const options = {
  method: 'POST',
  headers: {
    'Content-Type': 'application/json',
    Accept: 'application/json',
    Authorization: 'Bearer INSERT_YOUR_TOKEN_HERE'
  }
};

try {
  const response = await fetch(url, options);
  const data = await response.json();
  console.log(data);
} catch (error) {
  console.error(error);
}
```

[View the API Reference](https://api.artifactsmmo.com/docs/#/operations/action_task_exchange_my__name__action_task_exchange_post)


You can use this POST request to trade items at a Task Master (Items).

```http filename="cURL" copy
curl --location -g --request POST 'https://api.artifactsmmo.com/my/{name}/action/task/trade' \
--header 'Accept: application/json' \
--header 'Content-Type: application/json' \
--header 'Authorization: Bearer INSERT_YOUR_TOKEN_HERE' \
--data-raw '{
  "item": "name",
  "quantity":0
}' 
```
```js filename="Javascript" copy
var myHeaders = new Headers();
myHeaders.append("Accept", "application/json");
myHeaders.append("Content-Type", "application/json");
myHeaders.append("Authorization", "Bearer INSERT_YOUR_TOKEN_HERE");

var raw = JSON.stringify({
  "item": "name",
  "quantity":0
});

var requestOptions = {
   method: 'POST',
   headers: myHeaders,
   body: raw,
   redirect: 'follow'
};

fetch("https://api.artifactsmmo.com/my/{name}/action/task/trade", requestOptions)
   .then(response => response.text())
   .then(result => console.log(result))
   .catch(error => console.log('error', error));
```

[View the API Reference](https://api.artifactsmmo.com/docs/#/operations/action_task_trade_my__name__action_task_trade_post)


You can use this POST request to cancel a task at the cost of a task coin.

```http filename="cURL" copy
curl --request POST \
  --url https://api.artifactsmmo.com/my/{name}/action/task/cancel \
  --header 'Accept: application/json' \
  --header 'Authorization: Bearer INSERT_YOUR_TOKEN_HERE' \
  --header 'Content-Type: application/json' \
```
```js filename="Javascript" copy
const url = 'https://api.artifactsmmo.com/my/{name}/action/task/cancel';
const options = {
  method: 'POST',
  headers: {
    'Content-Type': 'application/json',
    Accept: 'application/json',
    Authorization: 'Bearer INSERT_YOUR_TOKEN_HERE'
  }
};

try {
  const response = await fetch(url, options);
  const data = await response.json();
  console.log(data);
} catch (error) {
  console.error(error);
}
```

[View the API Reference](https://api.artifactsmmo.com/docs/#/operations/action_task_cancel_my__name__action_task_cancel_post)
